christmas- Christmas is a baby shower that went totally overboard.
christmas- My husband's idea of getting the Christmas spirit is to become Scrooge.
christmas- Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice.
christmas- Keep your friends close, your enemies closer, and receipts for all major purchases.
christmas- I haven't taken my Christmas lights down. They look so nice on the pumpkin.
christmas- This holiday season, no matter what your religion is, please take a moment to reflect on why it's better than all the other ones.
christmas- The principal advantage of the non-parental lifestyle is that on Christmas Eve you need not be struck dumb by the three most terrifying words that the government allows to be printed on any product: "Some assembly required.
christmas- Nothing's as mean as giving a little child something useful for Christmas.
christmas- What I like about Christmas is that you can make people forget the past with the present.
christmas- I hate the radio this time of year because they play "All I Want For Christmas Is You
christmas- Adults can take a simple holiday for Children and screw it up. What began as a presentation of simple gifts to delight and surprise children around the Christmas tree has culminated in a woman unwrapping six shrimp forks from her dog, who drew her name.
christmas- A lovely thing about Christmas is that it's compulsory, like a thunderstorm, and we all go through it together.
christmas- I love Christmas. I receive a lot of wonderful presents I can't wait to exchange.
christmas- That's the true spirit of Christmas; people being helped by people other than me.
christmas- Do give books – religious or otherwise – for Christmas. They're never fattening, seldom sinful, and permanently personal.
christmas- For Christmas this year, try giving less. Start with less attitude. There's more than enough of that in the world as it is – and people will usually just give it back anyway!
christmas- I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see him in a department store, and he asked for my autograph.
christmas- Aren't we forgetting the true meaning of Christmas. You know, the birth of Santa?
christmas- Let me see if I've got this Santa business straight. You say he wears a beard, has no discernible source of income and flies to cities all over the world under cover of darkness? You sure this guy isn't laundering illegal drug money?
christmas- Who's the bane of Santa's life? The elf and safety officer.
christmas- Santa Claus wears a Red Suit, he must be a communist. And a beard and long hair, must be a pacifist. What's in that pipe that he's smoking?
christmas- Christmas is a time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it. Deficits are when adults tell the government what they want and their kids pay for it.
christmas- Did you ever notice that life seems to follow certain patterns? Like I noticed that every year around this time, I hear Christmas music.
christmas- The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband.
christmas- Many banks have a new kind of Christmas club in operation. The new club helps you save money to pay for last year's gifts.
christmas- I bought my brother some gift wrap for Christmas. I took it to the gift wrap department and told them to wrap it, but in a different print so he would know when to stop unwrapping.
christmas- Be careful with drinking this Christmas. I got so drunk last night I found myself dancing in a cheesy bar... or, as you like to call it, delicatessen.
christmas- Christmas, here again. Let us raise a loving cup; Peace on earth, goodwill to men, and make them do the washing up.
christmas- Although it is pleasant to think about poison at any season, there is something special about Christmas, and I found myself grinning.
christmas- Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money.
christmas- He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree.
christmas- People can't concentrate properly on blowing other people to pieces properly if their minds are poisoned by thoughts suitable to the twenty-fifth of December.
christmas- A good holiday is one spent among people whose notions of time are vaguer than yours.
christmas- I like to compare the holiday season with the way a child listens to a favorite story. The pleasure is in the familiar way the story begins, the anticipation of familiar turns it takes, the familiar moments of suspense, and the familiar climax and ending.
christmas- 'Elf' has become this big holiday movie, and I remember running around the streets of New York in tights saying, 'This could be the last movie I ever make,' and I could never have predicted that it'd become such a popular film.
christmas- Once again we find ourselves enmeshed in the Holiday Season, that very special time of year when we join with our loved ones in sharing centuries-old traditions such as trying to find a parking space at the mall. We traditionally do this in my family by driving around the parking lot until we see a shopper emerge from the mall, then we follow her, in very much the same spirit as the Three Wise Men, who 2,000 years ago followed a star, week after week, until it led them to a parking space.
christmas- Next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out faster than the Christmas spirit.
christmas- As we struggle with shopping lists and invitations, compounded by December's bad weather, it is good to be reminded that there are people in our lives who are worth this aggravation, and people to whom we are worth the same.
christmas- Oh, for the good old days when people would stop Christmas shopping when they ran out of money.
christmas- A Christmas shopper's complaint is one of long-standing.
christmas- The magi, as you know, were wise men — wonderfully wise men who brought gifts to the Babe in the manger. They invented the art of giving Christmas presents.
christmas- Wretched excess is an unfortunate human trait that turns a perfectly good idea such as Christmas into a frenzy of last-minute shopping.
christmas- Probably the reason we all go so haywire at Christmas time with the endless unrestrained and often silly buying of gifts is that we don't quite know how to put our love into words.
christmas- Three phrases that sum up Christmas are: Peace on Earth, Goodwill to Men, and Batteries not Included.
christmas- Christmas and the New Year are actually two holidays. So there is a plural, which in the English language, necessitates the use of 's.' I suppose you could say 'Merry Christmas' and 'Happy New Year,' but you probably have sh*t to do.
christmas- I left Santa gluten-free cookies and organic soy milk and he put a solar panel in my stocking.
christmas- The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Washington, D.C. This wasn't for any religious reasons. They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
christmas- Ever wonder what people got Jesus for Christmas? It's like, "Oh great, socks. You know I'm dying for your sins right? Yeah, but thanks for the socks! They'll go great with my sandals. What am I, German?
christmas- Every year, Christmas gets longer and longer, and you don't care, do you? Every year, you just take more of the calendar for yourself. How long does it take you people to shop? It's beyond belief! It's insane! When I was a kid, Halloween was Halloween, and Santa wasn't poking his ass into it!
christmas- This past Christmas, I told my girlfriend for months in advance that all I wanted was an Xbox. That's it. Beginning and end of list, Xbox. You know what she got me? A homemade frame with a picture of us from our first date together. Which was fine. Because I got her an Xbox.
christmas- I've had this look for about a year. I usually grow this beard out around Christmas. I like to go to malls dressed as Jesus, and I like to then walk around the mall and go, 'No! No! This wasn't what it was supposed to be about, people!' Then if there's a Santa at the mall, I walk up to him and say, 'Listen, fat man, you're just a clown at my birthday party.'
christmas- I set a personal record on Christmas. I got my shopping done three weeks ahead of time. I had all the presents back at my apartment, I was halfway through wrapping them, and I realized, 'Damn, I used the wrong wrapping paper.' The paper I used said, 'Happy Birthday.' I didn't want to waste it, so I just wrote 'Jesus' on it.
christmas- If you can't wrap Christmas presents well, at least make it look like they put up a good fight.
christmas- Christmas: it's the only religious holiday that's also a federal holiday. That way, Christians can go to their services, and everyone else can sit at home and reflect on the true meaning of the separation of church and state.
christmas- People are so worried about what they eat between Christmas and the New Year, but they really should be worried about what they eat between the New Year and Christmas.
christmas- Mentally I am ready for Christmas, financially I am not ready for Christmas.
christmas- Christmas is a magical time of year... I just watched all my money magically disappear.
christmas- Even before Christmas has said Hello, it's saying 'Buy Buy'.
christmas- Sending Christmas cards is a good way to let your friends and family know that you think they're worth the price of a stamp.
christmas- Christmas Shopping: Wouldn't it be wonderful to find one gift that you didn't have to dust, that had to be used right away, that was practical, fit everyone, was personal and would be remembered for a long time? I penciled in "Gift certificate for a flu shot.
christmas- Anyone who believes that men are the equal of women has never seen a man trying to wrap a Christmas present.
christmas- The outdoor Christmas lights, green and red and gold and blue and twinkling, remind me that most people are that way all year round — kind, generous, friendly and with an occasional moment of ecstasy. But Christmas is the only time they dare reveal themselves.
christmas- There are some people who want to throw their arms round you simply because it is Christmas; there are other people who want to strangle you simply because it is Christmas.
christmas- I get a little behind during Lent, but it comes out even at Christmas.
christmas- My mother-in-law has come round to our house at Christmas seven years running. This year we're having a change. We're going to let her in.
christmas- Bloody Christmas, here again, let us raise a loving cup, peace on earth, goodwill to men, and make them do the washing up.
christmas- Most of the soap operas always use the Christmas special to kill huge quantities of their characters. So they have trams coming off their rails, or cars slamming into each other or burning buildings. It's a general clean-out.
christmas- Christmas to a child is the first terrible proof that to travel hopefully is better than to arrive.
christmas- It may be a cliche, but it's true – the build-up to Christmas is so much more pleasurable than the actual day itself.
christmas- The best Christmas present I got from my husband was a week to do whatever I wanted.
christmas- Out upon merry Christmas! What's Christmas time to you but a time for paying bills without money; a time for finding yourself a year older, but not an hour richer...? If I could work my will,
christmas- Oh look, yet another Christmas TV special! How touching to have the meaning of Christmas brought to us by cola, fast food, and beer... Who'd have ever guessed that product consumption, popular entertainment, and spirituality would mix so harmoniously?
christmas- Charlie, stay away from those things. They're reindeer, you don't know where they've been. They all look like they've got key lime disease.
christmas- From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it.
christmas- How can you give Kris Kringle a parking ticket on Christmas Eve? What's next, rabies shots for the Easter Bunny?
christmas- I hate Christmas. The mall is full of nothing but women and children. All you hear is, 'I want this,' 'Get me this,' 'I have to have this'... and then there's the children. And they're all by my store 'cause they stuck the mall Santa right outside ringing his stupid bell. As if you need a bell to notice a 300-pound alcoholic in a red suit. 'Ho, ho, ho,' all day long. So, nice as can be, I go outside, ask him to shut the hell up. He takes a swing at me. So I lay a hook into his fat belly and he goes down. Beard comes off, all the kids start crying and I'm the bad guy.
christmas- If you see a sign that says 'Peep Show', that doesn't mean they're letting you look at presents before Christmas.
anniversary- You have given me so much to be happy about since the day you said, "I do". Having someone to pick out my clothes is one of them. Happy Anniversary, my love.
anniversary- You are a great husband. You really are a winner. So, let's celebrate our marriage, and take me out to dinner. Happy Anniversary.
anniversary- True love is letting your wife max out your credit card. Really, it is. Let's celebrate our love while we still have some money left. Sincere anniversary wishes to my loving husband.
anniversary- You have to admit, we're perfect for each other. I do all the talking, and you do all the listening. It's a marriage made in heaven. It's our anniversary, so of course you'll agree with me, right? Anniversary wishes to you my love.
anniversary- I'm right. I'm always right. Wouldn't you agree? I made the right decision when I married you. I think you'll agree you're very lucky, but so am I. Cheers to our happy marriage this anniversary day.
anniversary- My feelings weren't hurt when you let Scruffy eat the first dinner I ever cooked for you. I know you didn't marry me for my cooking because our marriage never would have lasted if you did. Congratulation to us on our anniversary, Sweetheart.
anniversary- If marriage makes you crazy, I must be totally insane by now because I love you madly. Admit it. You must be totally bonkers, too. Best wishes to you, my love, on our anniversary.
anniversary- Happy Anniversary to my old ball and chain! There is no one else I would rather be stuck with!
anniversary- Here is to another year of laughing, loving, and putting up with each other's mother!
anniversary- Being married is really something! I'll let you decide what exactly it is.
anniversary- Wedding anniversaries, like birthdays, are a time to celebrate surviving another year. So happy you survived yours. Sending you best wishes on your anniversary.
anniversary- You have walked through your marriage hand in hand. Was it love that made you do it or the fear of killing each other if you let go? I'm guessing it was love. All the best on your anniversary!
anniversary- They say marriage makes you live longer. I guess it's true because you've been married forever. Congratulations on your anniversary, and best wishes for many more to come you old lovebirds.
anniversary- The longer two people stay together, the more they look like each other. Hopefully, you two don't grow matching beards. Have an awesome anniversary.
anniversary- Your marriage is the perfect example of true love. You don't get annoyed when he hogs the television to watch sports, and he doesn't get annoyed when you paint the bedroom pink. Congratulations on another anniversary.
anniversary- You fight, then you make up. Then you argue again and reconcile. Such is the life of happily married couples like you. Have a relaxing anniversary.
anniversary- There's a cover for every pot, and you have found yours. Enjoy the perfect match you have, and celebrate your anniversary with a warm helping of love. Congratulations!
anniversary- Best wishes to you on your anniversary! You guys have such an amazing love story! You remind me of Romeo & Juliet, except without all the family drama and tragedy. Congratulations again you two.
anniversary- Congratulations! It's the anniversary of the day you threw the most kickbutt party ever! The booze was flowing and the music was thumping, what a day it was. Oh yeah there was some sort of ceremony too. You got hitched! It was a great day indeed!
anniversary- Woo hoo! Congratulations! You've made it! It's your wedding anniversary! Can you hardly believe this much time has passed since you tied the knot?! Well the best is yet to come, my friend!
anniversary- Wishing you a sensational wedding anniversary! This calls for a huge celebration and perhaps a little bubbly? Congratulations to a fabulous couple!
anniversary- Is there anything better than a wedding? Yes! An anniversary! This means that the wedding was a success! You made it! Now let's get a few more anniversaries under our belt before we get a little overly excited… just kidding. Cheers to you both!
anniversary- Congratulations on you both being able to put up with each other's crap! It's a miracle! You guys rock! Now the important question is…where is the free booze?
anniversary- You two have made this whole 'love and marriage' and 'til death do you part' business look pretty darn enticing. You have me thinking I might consider it for myself one of these days…Congratulations to an exception couple!
anniversary- Well done! You've made it! You reached a milestone that not many of us (obviously not me—I knew you would all along…) thought you'd make! Break out the champagne! Congrats, you guys!
anniversary- You two have definitely become 'one'—one heck of an amazing couple that is! You guys make marriage look good! Best wishes on your big day!
anniversary- So I have a confession; I thought the whole institution of marriage thing was a crock—that is until I saw you guys pull it off. You had one heck of a party, received a boatload of gifts, went on a killer vacation—and have been celebrating ever sense! Congratulations to you guys! Now I need to find myself a spouse!
anniversary- You two are like Bonnie and Clyde – bad asses that are hot for each other!
anniversary- Days of laughter. Nights of kissing. Months of snuggles. Years of marriage. Hope you two have all this and more on your anniversary.
anniversary- They say a wedding ring is the world's smallest handcuff. Here is to another year of the best jail time ever!
anniversary- Which one is the better half? Which one is the worst half? I will let you discuss that among each other.
anniversary- Today, you don't have to be afraid of becoming a dull, married couple… because you already are!
anniversary- Best of luck to you on your anniversary, Mom and Dad. It's a special day for me as well as you because it would have been impossible for me to send this message without you. Thanks.
anniversary- Anniversary wishes are sent your way. Love from your one and only favorite child.
anniversary- You know I'm a product of your love – a by-product of your successful marriage. Am I not the best thing that ever happened to you? Okay, maybe not. The best thing that ever happened to you was your marriage to each other. Congratulations on your anniversary day.
anniversary- You watched me grow up, and I watched your love grow through the years. Unlike my wardrobe, it's a good thing your marriage was always a good fit. Sincere wishes on your anniversary, Mom and Dad!
anniversary- I wish to have a good marriage like yours one day. One that's blessed with mutual respect, love, understanding, and a wonderful son like me. You're welcome. Have a marvelous anniversary.
anniversary- Anniversary wishes to my wonderful parents. Best wishes from the wonderful daughter you created.
anniversary- I never thought I'd have parents as cool and as you. Guess you get your coolness from me. May your anniversary be as awesome as you are my Parental Units.
getWell- You must be enjoying all the attention of people towards you. Get well soon because I need some attention too.
getWell- Get well soon and come back. We are all waiting to know how hospital food tastes like.
getWell- Laughter offers you the quickest recoveries of all – the kind of joke they tell you when you're lying on a hospital bed with a zombie face. Get well soon!
getWell- I had bought some of your favorite chocolates but your doctor said you are not allowed to eat them. So, will you get well soon or I eat them all?
getWell- Medicine can fix your pain but cannot fix your ugly face. So dear, don't waste your time lying on that hospital bed. Get well and come back soon!
getWell- If I wish you to get well soon, then I think it wouldn't be soon enough. That's why I'm praying for you to get well now!
getWell- Your mom told me you were sick, so I made you a get well cupcake. But, I ate it, so get well.
getWell- Now and again I believed that you are some sort of strong, however now I realize that you are human as well. Get well when possible.
getWell- I told your mom that I'm praying for your quick recovery. So, get well soon and make my prayers true, otherwise I'll stop doing so.
getWell- There is one thing you know better than anyone else – how to get sick. Just joking. Get better soon.
getWell- In the event that I wish you to get well soon, then I think it wouldn't be soon enough. That is the reason I'm appealing to God for you to get well now!
getWell- I decided to send you a get-well card, and then I realized that I don't know what to say besides get well. So, get well!
getWell- Here are my get well wishes to you. I hate seeing you blue, so kick this bug in the butt and have a speedy recovery.
getWell- Hoping for your complete recovery, because I don't want to come to the hospital for a second time!
getWell- Petitioning God for your fast recovery. Show signs of improvement soon or I'll break your legs once more. Simply joking dear, get well soon.
getWell- The doctor says you are on a soft diet right now. So, I will start eating all the fruits and cakes that you have here on your table.
getWell- Falling ill is a great opportunity to get paid offs at work, vacation from school, get your beauty sleep and most importantly, to fund our poor doctors.
getWell- I'm really very sorry to hear that you aren't feeling well and trust me; me too is feeling so bored, because we were supposed to go to for the trip. Get well soon please.
getWell- Congrats you are formally debilitated! Appreciate the occasions. Unwind a ton. What's more, returned soon so that we likewise get the chance to fall ill.
getWell- I think it will be better if I will be the one to end your life rather than be killed by that damn sickness that you have. Smile. That is good for your health!
getWell- Congratulations you are officially sick! Enjoy the holidays. Relax a lot. And come back soon so that we also get the opportunity to fall ill.
getWell- Helplessly lying in your bed makes you vulnerable to whatever I wanted to do to you. Are you ready? Get well soon!
getWell- Wishing you a quick recovery because we have a big match next week. I guess you also don't want to miss it too.
getWell- Feel better, but in the meantime please keep a safe distance!
getWell- You are sick. When will you die? Just kidding! I hope you will be well soon!
getWell- It must not be feeling like you are in the hospital, especially when the doctor is so hot. Lucky you!
getWell- I just heard that you were sick last night, so I had a beer in your name and made a toast to you. Can't wait until I don't have to drink alone anymore.
getWell- You just needed a HUGacetamol and a KISSpirin to get well. You are sick because you miss me so.
getWell- Thank God you are sick. You will go to bed early while I stay up late watching TV!
getWell- Sick people need to be quarantined. You are not allowed to kiss your boyfriend.
getWell- Praying for your quick recovery. Get better soon or I'll break your legs again. Just kidding dear, get well soon.
getWell- You have no right to get sick. Remember, you are my hero? You are supposed to be strong.
getWell- I hear that the nurses in the hospital are hot! You might not want to get better too fast if it's true.
getWell- If wishes can heal and love can act like a pill, I'll pray for you in all ways and hope for your recovery each day.
getWell- Try not to lay on the bed for quite a while. You are now fat and you'll turn out to be more also. So recall to stroll for some time and get well soon.
getWell- Maybe you forgot to clean yourself that is why you are infected with so much viruses and bacteria. Let me disinfect you.
getWell- Only love can cure everything. So dear, I'm sending my heartfelt love for you. Accept it and feel it in your heart. You'll surely get well soon!
getWell- There are so many ways of getting fat and fluffy, lying in a hospital bed isn't just one of them. So please get well soon and get off of it.
getWell- I know I'm not an exciting, fabulous boyfriend, but at least I'm more interesting than some white bed sheets and some tasteless hospital foods. Get well soon!
getWell- You look bad not because you are sick but because you are not allowed to use makeup now. Just kidding! Get well soon!
getWell- The nurse that looked after you the other day was really beautiful. I hope she has a beautiful heart too. She will definitely get you recovered soon!
getWell- I know you are getting a lot of attention now a days. Just so you know, I'm also getting some unexpected attentions from some unexpected people. Get well soon before it's too late!
getWell- I heard that there are some really hot nurses in the hospital. Is that the reason why you're not getting well? You know what's going to happen if it's true!
getWell- I wish I was the hospital bed you are lying on right now. I would kick the sickness out of you and then kick you out of me!
getWell- I have been missing you so much for so many days that it has started to get a bit boring now. please get well and come back soon!
getWell- Get well soon or someone else gets the job of bringing chocolate for me and waking me up every day with a romantic text.
getWell- I knew you were desperately looking for a time-off, but this one seems painfully long for us. Please dear, recover your lazy ass and come back to us!
getWell- Nothing can take you from us, as long as you have unfinished work in the office. Get well soon. Everyone is waiting for you to make a comeback!
getWell- You have always been sick. I knew it all the way. You are admitted in the hospital for the wrong reason pal. Just kidding! Get well soon!
getWell- Its been a long vacation for you. Get well now and come back. Let's hope you don't feel sick again after seeing the amount of work piled up for you here!
getWell- The boss won't let you die until you finish his job. So, come back and finish it if you want to die in peace. Get well soon!
getWell- Congrats you finally managed to get sick. Now, enjoy the royal treatment. Lucky you!
getWell- If all the doctors are as hot as yours, I will choose to be sick every day.
getWell- No sickness in the world has the power to keep someone as strong willed as you down. Get better soon.
getWell- Sometimes I thought that you are some kind of invincible, but now I know that you are human too. Get well as soon as possible.
getWell- Wishing you a speedy recuperation since we have a major match one week from now. I figure you likewise would prefer not to miss it too.
getWell- Everyone tells you to get better, but no one will ever tell you how. I know the secret: sleep and sleep and sleep some more.
getWell- Even superman has a weakness. Though you are feeling weak now, know that you will be strong again. Until then, may peace be with you.
getWell- I can't believe that you fell and broke your ankle. Don't let those crutches make you lazy! You still have to clean your room. Get better soon!
birthday- For your birthday, I wanted to get you something to remind you of your youth, but they were sold out of cave art and dinosaur bones.
birthday- A lighter? We're going to need a flame-thrower to light up your candles.
birthday- If I have to tie you up and swing a light over your head until you talk, I will. Eventually, you'll spill the location of that Fountain of Youth you've found!
birthday- Actually, I wanted to get you something super special, super terrific, unique and beautiful for your birthday, but I don't fit into the envelope.
birthday- To my friend on his birthday: I want you to know that I've always looked up to you. Yes, you're taller than me, but I've always admired your style and impeccable grooming. By the way, time to trim that nose hair.
birthday- Age is a high price to pay for maturity.
birthday- One of the things I learned growing up with you, is that if you have a dream, you should always chase it. I mean, you still can run in your age right? Nevertheless, happy birthday!
birthday- Having you around always made me feel like we will be forever young, yet, you ended up breaking that rule, you grumpy old geezer!
birthday- I really hope you brushed your teeth this morning! Because with your age, I'm not sure your teeth will survive until next year.
birthday- If you believe in it, you can be anything! Unless you want to be young again, then I'm afraid you missed that train old pal!
birthday- Just to be sure, I'm going to bring a few buckets full with water tonight before you light up the candles, don't want to be homeless on your birthday due to an accidental fire! Happy birthday my friend!
birthday- Instead of being sad because you grew up, be happy because you will not be the grumpy old geezer you will become in 10 years! Happy birthday!
birthday- So, I always wanted to learn about dinosaurs. Could you share your knowledge with me? I mean, you have probably met them in person! Just kidding, happy birthday you fossil!
birthday- They say that at your age, birthday cocktails should be replaced with nutritional smoothies. Thank goodness we never listen to what they say.
birthday- Growing old is mandatory but growing up is optional.
birthday- I don't know how you do it. You don't look a year older than 185! Happy Birthday to the best friend, ever!
birthday- Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
birthday- Happy Birthday on your amazing day, I hope that you don't die before you eat your cake. You're another year older and another year wiser. So put your brain to work and figure out there isn't no gift for you.
birthday- Aging seems to be the only available way to live a long life said, Kitty Collins. Be glad you're doing it gracefully.
birthday- Don't think of it as getting older, think of it as becoming a classic.
birthday- (written in real small text). You're not old until you can't read this writing anymore.
birthday- You're older. You're wiser. You're sophisticated. You're far too mature to be concerned with material things like presents.
birthday- Celebration time: Happy birthday, you old bag!
birthday- I have trouble wrapping my head around these birthdays we continue to have. I have trouble wrapping my head around lots of things. Like, why do the most biscuit-headed guys come in the best wrapping?
birthday- Happy Birthday to my Bestie. Rhyming makes me testy. I'll try to make it jesty. Don't get mad if it's pesky, but have a zesty day! Hey, I tried.
birthday- We're best friends, so there are certain things I know about you. You're humble and lavish gifts embarrass you. So,(only to make you comfortable, of course) I've limited my birthday wishes to this simple, heartfelt card. Your welcome.
birthday- On your birthday, let's solidify our friendship commitment and the bond we share. We always have each other's back, right? (I hope so. You've got WAY too much "on" me!)
birthday- Happy birthday to a loyal friend who looks as cool as he did in high school. You can still rock that tie-dye, AND you've hung on to our friendship and your mullet, whether we're popular or not.
birthday- Come on, don't be like this. You have survived this year. Although you're older, trust me it's better than the alternative.
birthday- Congratulations on your birthday! Remember Today, no sex! Because you need all your energy to blow out the candles!
birthday- Count your blessings, not your wrinkles.
birthday- It's your birthday, and I must say, you indeed take the cake! And the ice cream. And all the rest of the snacks. Slow down and save some for the rest of us!
birthday- Don't feel uncomfortable about your age. We will all one day get as old as you are.
birthday- Don't forget to wear your birthday suit...but check it for wrinkles first!
birthday- Don't forget to wear your sunglasses when the cake is served. Happy birthday.
birthday- An old fart is as good as a new one...
birthday- Enjoy your birthday cake today since tomorrow we'll return to judging you based on every single morsel you ingest.
birthday- Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
birthday- Forget about the past, you can't change it, forget about the future, you can't predict it, forget about the present, I didn't get you one!
birthday- Forget your past, it's already done. Forget your present, too; because I forgot.
birthday- I'm throwing you an existentialist themed birthday party. If you're in the woods, and a tree falls on your birthday, and there's no one there to see it, are you still a year older? I'll stay out of the woods just in case.
birthday- Why do old guys start growing hair from their ears? On this birthday, I figured you could answer from personal knowledge. While you're at it, either pull up those dark socks or change from shorts into pants – as a public service.
birthday- Friends may come and go, but birthdays just accumulate.
birthday- George Carlin said that. Don't ask me what it means. You wanted something unique for your birthday, you got it.
birthday- Happiness is like peeing in your pants, everyone can see it, but only you can feel its warmth. And that's what you feel today. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Happy birthday to a man who is really younger than he looks.
birthday- Have fun as much as you can, but not too much, because you are at a vulnerable age.
birthday- Happy birthday to a person who is smart, good looking, and funny and reminds me a lot of myself.
birthday- Have you ever try to get yourself in a fridge and see what happens? It's ok you can light up all your candles now? We all have a glass of water in our hands.
birthday- Happy birthday to you. You live in a zoo. You look like a monkey. And you smell like one too
birthday- Hmm ... I do not know why, but I had a strong urge to send you a text message! But why? I know! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
birthday- Happy Birthday! It's about time you start acting like your real age.
birthday- Hoping that you can find all the strength and courage needed... to blow all of the candles out.
birthday- Happy Birthday! The inevitable came a year closer.
birthday- Hoping you dance the night away or at least watch other people dance late into the night, or at least stay awake...
birthday- Happy Birthday! You look beautiful for a person who is by one year closer to death.
birthday- I didn't forget your birthday. I just forgot today's date!
birthday- Happy Birthday! You're one year closer to your death day.
birthday- I figured out, what's the most challenging thing to do. I think it's the counting of your wrinkles. Finding one is impossible.
birthday- Happy Birthday, but what's your secret; a time machine or something.
birthday- I think we're going to need a bigger cake to fit all your candles.
birthday- Happy Birthday, you're not getting older you're just a little closer to death.
birthday- I wanted to give you something unique, grand and loving on your birthday! But I just did not fit on the screen!
birthday- Happy Birthday. I promise I won't tell how old you really are!
birthday- I was trying to think of what to get you for your birthday, but nothing came to mind.
birthday- I wish you all the best, for another 100 years here on earth!
birthday- I'm at an age when my back goes out more than I do.
birthday- I'm just here for the cake.
birthday- I'm not going to make any age-related jokes, because, in fact, I feel a little pity about how old you are.
birthday- If someone comes up with the idea to call you old: then hit him with your stick and throw him your teeth! Happy Birthday!
birthday- If you want to look young and thin on your birthday. Hang around a bunch of old fat people.
birthday- I'll always think of you as someone older than me. Happy Birthday.
birthday- You must have one of the best plastic surgeons. There is no other explanation.
birthday- You recognize the fact that you're getting older when the candles cost more than the birthday cake.
birthday- You think you are old? You're not old... you were old last year, this year you're ancient.
birthday- You think you're something special because it's your birthday today? You're something special every day!
birthday- You would have loved the gift I didn't bother getting you.
birthday- Your birthday reminds me of the old Chinese scholar. Yung No Mo
birthday- You're not 40, you're eighteen with 22 years of experience!
birthday- You're so old when you look at your birth certificate it said expired
birthday- You're a hard person to shop for, so I didn't get you anything. Happy birthday.
birthday- You're not forty; you're eighteen with twenty-two years of experience.
birthday- You're not getting older. You're just a little closer to dying! Happy anniversary of your umbilical cord separation.
getWell- I'm really very sorry to hear that you aren't feeling well and trust me; me too is feeling so bored, because we were supposed to go to for the trip. Feel better soon please.
getWell- Wishing you a quick recovery because we have a big match next week. I guess you also don't want to miss it too.
getWell- If I wish you to get well soon, then I think it wouldn't be soon enough. That's why I'm praying for you to get well now!
getWell- Praying for your quick recovery. Get better soon or I'll break your legs again. Just kidding dear, fast recovery soon.
getWell- Hoping for your complete recovery, because I don't want to come to the hospital for a second time!
getWell- Writing these several lines in order to encourage you, because I know you a nervous person. Have a very quick recovery and feel good soon.
getWell- I told your mom that I'm praying for your quick recovery. So, get well soon and make my prayers true, otherwise I'll stop doing so.
getWell- How long will it take to get you well? It's raining outside and I'm missing the football game with you. Please feel good soon.
getWell- Sometimes I thought that you are some kind of invincible, but now I know that you are human too. Get well as soon as possible.
getWell- I believe I should warn you beforehand that your laziness has piled up a lot of work for me to do, so hurry up and help me with it!
getWell- I wonder why there aren't any portions for healing in the real world, because if they were, I would've gotten you one a long time ago! Fast recovery soon my friend!
getWell- In case you're wondering, I sent those flowers for the nurse, not for you! Just kidding! Hope you feel better soon by seeing them!
getWell- I know you're lying about your illness! Get up from your bed quickly so we can go party! Feel better soon!
getWell- I was thinking the whole night that if you weren't that much beautiful then that virus might have left you alone. I'm so happy that I'm not good looking like you. Anyway, get well brother.
getWell- If you haven't eaten those ice creams without me then may be fever wouldn't come this severely. Happy ice cream eating now fast recovery soon.
getWell- Sending all the warmest regards so that you feel the warmness of fever twice. Just kidding dear. Feel good soon.
getWell- I saw what they give you to eat every day, now I get why you aren't getting better! Hope you feel good soon so that you can come back to eat the veggies!
getWell- If you wouldn't have eaten my favorite snacks without me, you wouldn't be in the bed right now! So remember the lesson and fast recovery soon!
getWell- Missing your annoying and bad sense of humor, so feel better soon!
getWell- Your absence cannot be tolerated anymore, because I don't have anyone to fight now, so feel better soon!
getWell- You have plenty of patience and that's why god tests your tolerance by offering illness to you quite frequently. Get better now.
getWell- Don't be so impatient, illness are regular events of human life. Hope you'll get well very soon.
getWell- So finally the illness has arrested you. Now it's time to get some lawful punishments. Make sure you are taking enough fluids and bed rest as well. Fast recovery soon.
getWell- You look so bad when you are sick. I wish you quick recovery because it'll make you good looking and attractive again.
getWell- Don't rest on the bed for a long time. You are already fat and you'll become more as well. So remember to walk for a while and feel good soon.
getWell- I guess you forget to eat your daily apple, so you had to visit the doctor! Don't forget again and feel good soon!
getWell- Hope you fast recovery soon Mom, because in the meantime, we have to eat dad's cooked food!
getWell- I'm missing my partner in crime, so hope you come back soon!
getWell- Don't rest on the bed all day long; you'll lose the body you made from gym for the whole year! Feel better soon buddy!
getWell- I heard of your cycle accident and that's why I'm here. Oh dear, your face looks so exhausted that I think maybe you are out of fuel. Let's bring something to eat for you. Please get well friend.
getWell- It's really painful to see you at the hospital, but look how beautiful the atmosphere is, absolutely calm and peaceful. Hope your summer vacation will be a nice one in here. Anyway, feel better soon dear.
getWell- Those who get the get well cards most, has a lower recovery rate than the average. Look how many cards you already got. Good luck!
getWell- According to the belief of many people if you get a recovery card, then it certainly stimulates the recovery rate. That's why I brought this card for you. Get better soon.
getWell- Have you heard the schedule of our college football tournament? It's damn pretty close and we don't want to lose a single match for your absence. Please fast recovery soon dear.
getWell- I guess you forgot to take apples every day. That's why you are visiting the doctor now. Feel good soon and eat your apples.
getWell- Mom, please feel good soon. We don't want to miss your foods anymore.
getWell- Mommy, we are praying so that you get well soon. Otherwise, we'll have to eat the foods cooked by dad!
getWell- Really missing your sarcasm and epic comebacks to my arguments, so hurry up and get well soon so that you can continue punching me in the face with your words!
getWell- I told your parents that I'm praying for you. Don't make them disappointed about me and get out of bed soon!
getWell- I was thanking God the whole night for not making me as beautiful as you, because then, the virus would've attacked you instead of you! Get well soon dear friend!
getWell- Dear friend I remember the fun moments that we shared together, to a point that i thought the accident was fake, anyway fast recovery soon my dear.
getWell- It's scientifically proven that a get well card for your best friend can seriously help you in reducing the recovery time. Take this card and get well soon.
getWell- I was writing a poem's line everyday for your recovery and look how big it has become in these days. Please get well soon because I'm out of new lines now!
getWell- Friend, feel better soon. We don't want to miss your amazing birthday party coming next week. I'm already on a diet for that.
getWell- I believe you a recharging and energizing yourself while your stay at the hospital. Don't forget we have some important matches in the coming weeks.
getWell- Please get recovered soon. I'm missing the snacks you brought at the classes.
getWell- I'm missing my perfect companion to make all the perfect crimes. I need you badly, that's why you need to get better soon.
getWell- I know you were on the ground for doing some hard practice and it's time to take some rest in the hospital bed. Don't forget to put your legs up for quick and complete recovery.
getWell- I heard that you are enjoying some delicious foods in the bed brought by your relatives. So, came here to check the taste of those foods by myself.
getWell- Missing your cycle stunts. Hope to see you on the feet again soon. Make sure you get complete recovery other you might be seen in the hospital again.
getWell- Dear, I've become sick to see you sick this frequently. Please feel better soon and get a grip.
getWell- I told you not to become so crazy while you are driving on the road. Now pay the fines and stay a few days in the bed. I'm happy because I wasn't with you otherwise we both would have the same luck.
getWell- Hope you fast recovery soon because we have a big assignment on your most disliked subject.
getWell- Missing your terrible jokes for the last few days. Hope you feel good soon, but don't bring those terrible things with you.
getWell- The whole class is missing its most awful person. Just kidding dear, please feel good soon.
getWell- Hello, darling? It is painful to stay home without your presence, even now, your smile still kills me fast recovery soon and I love you.
getWell- The tried to kill you dear brother, but they did not know that your life is not dependent on them but on the most high, it is fun and a miracle too seeing you are regaining strength, I will say arise and walk soon rather than feel better soon, for you are already well.
getWell- The good Lord, My God had purposed that you live again therefore I say get well soon.
getWell- During this down time I hope you'll get rid of those boring joking habits. Get well soon with something funny items.
getWell- Heard yesterday that you are in the hospital. I hope that they'll be releasing you soon as we need you more than them. Have a fast recovery.
getWell- One good thing has happened due to your illness because we don't have to your boring humors for at least a few days. Anyway, feel better soon.
getWell- Looks like your healing time is taking longer than others. Make sure you don't miss a trip incoming week.
getWell- I'm missing your cute and contagious smile. Get well soon and smile forever.
getWell- All your friends are waiting to celebrate your birthday. Make sure you don't disappoint them by staying this whole week in the hospital. Please fast recovery soon.
getWell- No one can make us laugh with a simple joke like you. We are bored of missing that little but long lasting moments. Please feel good soon.
getWell- I'm praying for you, really. Not only to get you well, but also to get the money back from you.
getWell- Your absence cannot be tolerated anymore. Because I can't find anyone to fight. Get well as quickly as possible.
getWell- I and many others are praying for your complete and quick recovery because you are the best in saving the goals. We want to win in the match and that's why your recovery is so important.
getWell- I always want you to smile like an angel and you know no angel can look so beautiful in a hospital bed except you. Have a quick recovery and keep smiling.
getWell- Sending this get well card to let you know that I'm coming to see you. Please arrange some good items to enjoy during my visit. Anyhow, get better buddy.
getWell- Your voice is so catchy that cold loves it too much. That's why you suffer a lot due to cold and your voice becomes horrible. Please feel good soon.
getWell- Most of the flowers in the garden aren't blooming because I lost my gardener. Please get well soon and take care of them.
getWell- Everyone is praying so that you fast recovery soon but I was praying the opposite. Because the submission of our latest assignment is getting closer. I hope you won't have to do it if you are sick.
getWell- Mom, feel better soon very fast. We are almost on the eve of our summer trip.
getWell- Get ready to have more fun with us. You have stayed enough in the hospital. Wish you a speedy recovery.
getWell- Who can miss your company for a long time? Feel better soon and make me happy like earlier. Wishing you all the best.
getWell- I'm bringing a magician to make your broken hand okay. May be this is the best way to fast recovery soon that the lengthy recovery process at the hospital.
getWell- I told you that I'll stand beside you forever, but I didn't mean that you'll have to break your legs to get that. Please get well as soon as possible.
getWell- Hope you feel better fast otherwise I'll have to inject you more pain killers. You know that I always want to avoid those.
getWell- Think of happy thoughts. May be they'll be able to help you in recovering more quickly than the regular.
getWell- You have faced so many times, which were more painful than this simple accident. Hope you can manage it by yourself to get well very soon.
getWell- I'm wishing and praying for your quick recovery because I need to borrow some money from you! You know very well that I don't take it from anyone else.
getWell- I was hoping for a place on the football team at your absence, but maybe I won't be able as you are recovering so fast. Anyway, get better.
getWell- Do what the doctors suggest. Don't be a fool by rearranging the medicines prescribed by your physicians. Feel good soon and have a quick and complete recovery.
anniversary- In my house I'm the boss, my wife is just the decision maker.
anniversary- A marriage anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance, and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
anniversary- For Marriage to Be a Success, Every Woman and Every Man Should Have Her and His Own Bathroom. The End.
anniversary- If two people love each other, nothing is impossible. Except deciding where to eat.
anniversary- When someone is murdered, the police investigate the spouse first. That tells you everything you need to know about marriage.
anniversary- If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead... get married. If you first don't succeed, try doing it the way your wife told you.
anniversary- Marriage is just texting each other – "do we need anything from the grocery store?" – until one of you dies.
anniversary- Wedding anniversaries are a time when men pause and reflect on what it was they did before they were married: anything they wanted to.
anniversary- I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
anniversary- Marriage is basically just whispering, "Are you awake? I need to show you this cat video.
anniversary- Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
anniversary- An archaeologist is best husband a woman can have: the older she gets, the more interested he is in her.
anniversary- Husbands are the best people to share a secret with because they never listen anyway.
anniversary- Behind every great man – there's a woman rolling her eyes.
anniversary- Unless you want to forget about your marriage, it's a good idea to remember your anniversary.
anniversary- Drug stores understand life. That's why the anniversary cards and sympathy cards are right next to each other.
anniversary- I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
anniversary- Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing... she goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
anniversary- Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age – as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
anniversary- To keep your marriage brimming, with love in the loving cup, whenever you're wrong – admit it. Whenever you're right – shut up.
anniversary- Marriage: when dating goes too far.
anniversary- Marrying a man is like buying something you've been admiring for a long time in a shop window. You may love it when you get it home, but it doesn't always go with everything else.
anniversary- I never knew what real happiness was until I got married; by then it was too late.
anniversary- I love you more than coffee, but please don't make me prove it.
anniversary- The four most important words in any marriage: I'll do the dishes.
anniversary- Marriage is the only kind of fire which is never covered by insurance.
anniversary- Marriage is a lot like the army, everyone complains, but you'd be surprised at the large number that re-enlists.
anniversary- Love is blind but marriage is a real eye-opener
anniversary- If we take matrimony at its lowest, we regard it as a sort of friendship recognized by the police.
birthday- We thought we would get the right amount of candles to put on your cake this year, but quickly ran out of space. Happy Birthday!
birthday- One of the best pieces of advice in life is "you have to appreciate the little things". That said, I know that spotting little things is easier said than done at your age! Happy Birthday!
birthday- Seeing as I usually forget everyone's birthdays, you should consider it a miracle that I'm sending you this message. Happy Birthday!
birthday- It's about time one of us turned 18! Drinks are on you, then! Happy Birthday!
birthday- Don't let your age get you down, it won't be long until you are allowed to start learning to drive. But until then, on your bike! Happy Birthday!
birthday- To my brother who still owes me several big ones. I didn't get you a gift this year, so let's call it even. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Ain't no Cake Big Enough! | Funny Birthday Wishes for Older and Younger Brothers
birthday- I can't believe how big you're getting! Long gone are the days when I could steal cake from your plate and no one would ever be the wiser. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Don't you think it's about time we grew up a bit and stopped painting the town? I know exactly what you'll say. Next year. Happy Birthday!
birthday- I'm not a fan of overly sweet messages as you know, birthdays are for fun! So let's ditch the old folks later and get out and about like we used to! Happy Birthday!
birthday- Oh yeah, one more year to annoy everyone you know. Happy Birthday, anyway!...
birthday- I hope you have low expectations for your meal and cake this year, I hear dad's having a go at being the chef. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Happy Birthday, you're closer to seeing another century pass.
birthday- Your LOL Message! | Funny Birthday Wishes for a Friend
birthday- One more year to pretend you're old enough to care about people around you.
birthday- You're not old. You're just old enough to know better and not old enough to care. Happy Birthday!
birthday- The emergency department is on speed dial just in case you have an unexpected asthma attack blowing the candles.
birthday- Party like it's 1959, when you could still dance and drink alcohol without ending up you to the hospital.
birthday- Remember when we stayed up late running from the law? No? Good. I don't either. Happy Birthday oldie!
birthday- Another year to prove that older doesn't really mean wiser. Happy birthday!
birthday- Going old happens. Growing up is a choice. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Happy Birthday. You're one step closer to diapers being mandatory!
birthday- I made a list about the words of wisdom I wanted to give you for your birthday. It's still blank. Maybe next year.
birthday- May all your birthday wishes come true — except for the illegal ones!
birthday- It's your birthday, but make sure you get all your present before you offend everyone.
birthday- Today is your birthday, the only day you're allowed to say things that you'd regret on any other day.
birthday- Oh yeah! You're getting closer to the age when the government sends you money every month. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Statistics show that people who live longer have more birthdays, costing us more money for presents!
birthday- If you counted your birthday in dog years, you'd now be a teenager! Happy Birthday.
birthday- Another year to kick your bucket list to the curb.
birthday- Happy birthday! Here's to being immature for a lifetime.
birthday- As your younger sister, it's only right for me to remind you on your birthday that you're still older than me. Ha!
birthday- When I reach your age I'll still younger than you, you dinosaur! Happy bday!
birthday- Today is the start of the rest of your life. What? You're how old. Revise: Today is the start of the oldest part of your life.
birthday- Don't you wish you were a kid again? Of course not, cause you're still doing the same things you did back then.
birthday- Here's hoping that you enjoy your birthday as much as you enjoy torturing everyone all year.
birthday- I tried to find something that represented the year you were born. Unfortunately, the thrift shops were closed. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Congratulations bud! You are now officially 20 years away from turning 50.
birthday- I'm just coming over for the treat. By the way, many happy returns.
birthday- Here is a hug! Happy birthday!!!! PS: I'm broke!
birthday- You just lost one more year of your life. Happy birthday, man!
birthday- It is said that those who have the most birthdays, live the longest. Birthdays are great. Happy birthday, dude.
birthday- Happy birthday, Dinosaur.
birthday- You turned 50? Well that botox is certainly working.
birthday- You asked for it. Here is nothing. Happy birthday.
birthday- I hope you see the day when you have no teeth.
birthday- Will there be cake tomorrow or no?
birthday- Happy birthday, my 30-year-old Grandma.
birthday- Want to look young today? Play chess with Grandpa.
birthday- Want to look young today? Go to an old age home.
birthday- You just tuned 40? Well, your mom just told me you are 43.
birthday- Your grandmother wants her walking stick back. Happy Birthday!
birthday- I can never forget your birthday. It always comes after the day you remind me of it. Happy birthday.
birthday- Happy 500th birthday, Vampire. May you stay forever young!
birthday- Do I have to remind you at your age that TODAY is your birthday? Happy birthday to you.
birthday- You're great and even greater on your birthday. YES, I've been drinking!
birthday- The funny thing about you is that you age, but your maturity levels always stay the same!
birthday- This time we made sure that your candles cost less than the cake. We just got the two numbers. Have a happy 85th birthday!
birthday- The secret to a great birthday is not remembering what happened that day. Just don't wake up in jail.
birthday- Now it's time to fall in love, get married and make me a grandparent. And hopefully do all those things in this order! Until then Happy Birthday!
birthday- Your wife say you're definitely getting better with age. Does that mean you started to take the trash out? Happy Bday.
birthday- This birthday means it' time to start treating your kids like gold. They'll be choosing your nursing home soon.
birthday- It's your birthday. The good news is that you're only as old as you act and right now you're in kindergarten.
birthday- I will never send you one of those greeting cards making fun about your age. I know how sensitive old folks are about their age.
birthday- Finally you're 21 and legally able to do everything you've been doing since you were 14 years old.
birthday- What comes with being 18 years old? Bills, bills and more bills... and waiting three more years to do what you really want.
birthday- I can't believe you're 50. You don't look a day over 49 and a half.
birthday- You know you're getting old when your kids are lecturing you. Fight the power! Happy Birthday!
birthday- I bet if you knew at 18 years old what you know now, you'd have still done the same stupid things that you did. Here's to staying young. Happy Birthday.
birthday- I thought about sending you a birthday card mocking your age, but I decided against it. Remember that when you are writing your will.
birthday- You're the best young person I know. You make me thankful to be old.
birthday- Don't worry about getting old. You're still above ground.
birthday- The secret to staying young is lying about your age. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Let's be honest! You don't really care what I write on this card. You probably won't even read it. All you care about is the gift inside! And that's why I love you, happy birthday!
birthday- Consider the positives. You have another birthday and you still have all your teeth.
birthday- I just wanted to remind you that you're a year older than you were last year.
birthday- Today is the day when everyone reminds you you're a year older and we all pretend to be happy about it.
birthday- Happy Birthday! You don't look a day over... whatever age you were at your last birthday!
birthday- You had me at "there will be cake and ice cream". Happy Birthday to a truly special person who admires candy!
birthday- We all knew this day was coming, it's not bad luck, its nature. It's best to just suck it up and accept the truth. It's no longer acceptable for you to eat a happy meal in public. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Mum, it's that time of year again! You do make it hard for us, don't you?! You never chose a favorite cake for us to get, or special thing for us to do. You can never give us a list of things you want or favorite meal for us to prepare! You are the hardest woman on earth to please! For these reasons we were forced to make it up, so don't blame us if the day is not up to scratch! Happy Birthday to the world's biggest fence-sitting mum!
birthday- Not quite an adult, but no longer a child. This is one of the toughest ages of your life. You have most of life's firsts to look forward to, and a whole mess of early mistakes to leave behind. Let me give you one single piece of advice, that I wish someone had told me when I was your age: Stay away from bad boys.
birthday- You made it! You are now officially old! Maybe no one else has the guts to let you know, but don't worry. In my opinion you'll make a sexy grey fox for sure!
birthday- Another year, another birthday to organize, another headache. You better get used to headaches; they become more and more common when pushing middle age!
birthday- You may be just a one year old baby! So you can't read this message yet! But since we have Twitter, Facebook and the Cloud, doing this kind of thing now makes sense!
birthday- Last year it was a nice dinner at a fantastic hotel, the year before we went to Vegas, and now this year you're just staying in? I guess the rumors are true, old age does ruin people. Happy Birthday! Have a good one!
birthday- I never celebrate my birthday with a huge party, and you always ask me why. While tomorrow you will be surrounded by mess and a pile of huge hospitality bills, I will be enjoying a nice quiet lie in. That's why.
birthday- If you are hung over, struggle to think clearly and suffer a terrible headache in the morning, don't worry. It only means you've had one of the best nights of your life!
birthday- If you were a boy I would be telling you to have a great time, not to be shy, to be brave, talk to everyone and not to get into too much trouble! But since you're a girl I'm obliged to remind you that talking to strangers is a bad idea. Stay away from all naughty looking boys and don't get into any trouble at all! Enjoy!
birthday- You should see your age as something to boast about, not worry over. The next time someone makes an age joke at you, remind them that you've been around longer than they've been able to walk, and if they make it to half your age, they should consider themselves lucky!
birthday- To the world's greatest dad, you make me laugh, you keep me fed, you brush my hair and buy me clothes. So I guess it's only fair that I return the favor and spoil you this one day of the year! Don't expect big things though, please remember I'm only small. Happy Birthday.
birthday- You probably haven't been told this before, but when you were first born the doctors thought there was something wrong with you! With those eyes, strange ears and funny nose, it's genuinely quite amazing they ever let you leave the hospital.
birthday- To my dearest, most favorite and most precious little sister. Our family was so very blessed the day you were born. It was such a joy to grow up with you and share so many great moments together. Remember these kind words when you're cutting and dishing out the cake portions later!
birthday- The best thing about your birthday is that you've now reached the age to say: "Those kids don't know anything. When I was young..." and then go on blathering all day, annoying everyone around you.
birthday- I just wanted you to know that they say 50 is the new 30, skinny jeans are out and the saggy, relaxed look is in! Also, neatly pressed polo shirts are out and well worn and wrinkled is in! Happy Birthday you trendsetter you!!
birthday- Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. You smell like my husband and you sorta look like him too.
birthday- You remind me of a jar of pickles. You're pretty well preserved for your age. Happy Birthday, my dear old friend!
birthday- Happy Birthday—-& just to let you know the tablecloth is flame resistant, I have the fire department on stand-by and there is a fire extinguisher under the table.
birthday- I have sources that have informed me that it's your birthday and that you are a die-hard Obama fan. Enjoy this premium roast coffee that is imported and served at the White House! Kenya Arabica Bean Anniversary of Barack Obama's Kenyan Birth blend.
birthday- You have more preservatives in you than a jar of mayonnaise! There isn't an expiration date on your bottom, is there? Happy Birthday, my fantastically well preserved friend!
birthday- My momma always said "Life was like a box of chocolates. You gotta keep sticking your finger in them until you find the one that you want to get." Happy Birthday.
birthday- "You want answers?! You can't handle the truth!" ...but I will tell you anyways. It's your god*amn birthday!
birthday- I hope your birthday leaves you less hot & bothered than when you read 50 Shades of Grey. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Don't think of them as wrinkles. Think of them as creases that just need some starch and a bit of ironing. Cheers to another year & another crease.
birthday- Birthdays are like spotting Bigfoot. You really do want to see them but you're a little afraid of what they'll look like.....
birthday- Congratulations! You are another year closer to being able to get that senior discount at Target and wear the underwear that you can pee in!!
birthday- Brother, I figured today would be as good a day as any to tell you that you were adopted!! Just kidding. Happy Birthday—or is it??
birthday- Lucille Ball said it best when she said, "The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age." May you stay forever 28—LIAR!
birthday- I don't want to grow up, I'm a Toys "R" Us kid. If you are now singing the end of this magical verse, you are most certainly an 80s kid. Happy Birthday to my NKOTB loving, neon scrunchy wearing, slap bracelet collecting friend.
birthday- If you're having vanilla cake I would like some ice cream... but on the side. If it's chocolate cake, no ice cream. If you're having vanilla and chocolate marble cake, I would like the ice cream served on top of the cake. If there's no cake, than just a scoop of chocolate ice cream. Happy Birthday to a friend that always goes above and beyond!!
birthday- I hope you enjoy your birthday as much as Kim Kardashian enjoys taking selfies!
birthday- I would like to wish you a politically correct birthday so I won't encourage overindulgence of alcohol, getting less than the recommended 9 hours of sleep, or listening to excessively loud rock music.....but happy birthday, even if all the fun has been sucked out of it!
birthday- Chuck Norris wanted to apologize for not being able to make it to your birthday party. He was busy geocaching in Antarctica. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Cougar was so last year. This year you are a cheetah, fierce & fabulous!! Happy Birthday!!!
birthday- If  'only the good die young',.....I'm afraid you're going to be celebrating a few more birthdays.
birthday- One must not simply wish someone a happy birthday, one must shout it from the rooftops, start a conga line in the middle of town, resurrect Julia Child to bake a triple layer ice cream cake!
birthday- Do you want to eat some ice cream? Come on, how about some chocolate cake? I never see you anymore. Come out the door. Come on let's go and make a wish! Don't tell me to 'let it go' because your birthday comes only once a year. We used to be best buddies but now we're not. Do I really smell that bad? I want to wish you happy birthday, to your face. Not from behind a door.
birthday- I'm glad I don't need Facebook to tell me it's your birthday. Happy Birthday!
birthday- To show how not old we are I am going to wish you happy birthday in under 140 characters. #happybirthday #youngandhot #stillgettingcarded
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who is aging better than Britney Spears AND Lindsay Lohan!!
birthday- Happy 16th Birthday, Sweetie! After digging out your old baby photo albums, I found the cutest picture of you wearing nothing but socks and a smile! I wished you happy birthday on your Facebook and Instagram. I couldn't figure out how to upload the darn photo on Twitter. I hope you have a great day! I love you!
birthday- May the odds be ever in your favor... and if they're not I hope there is a Katniss to take your place because it isn't going to be me!
birthday- Brace yourself. An explosion of Facebook notifications is coming. Happy Birthday from the Lannisters... we never forget.
birthday- "We got no food! We got no jobs! Our pets heads are falling off!!" I hope you are having a better day than Harry & Lloyd. Happy Birthday, friend!
birthday- You're depressed about being another year older? Look on the bright side, you don't live in North Korea where that evil dictator Kim Jong-un could kill you for it.
birthday- You know you're old when your social calendar has bi-weekly 'meet friends for coffee @ blood pressure clinic' on it. Happy birthday, you old fart.
birthday- I promise when you get old and forgetful I won't let you forget to wash your hands after you pee or feed the cat food to your cat and not yourself. Happy Birthday, Mother!
birthday- Happy Birthday from someone who puts up with your belching, farting, scratching, and remote control hogging!
birthday- I hope you don't mind that I bought you a cake to give to your mom, congratulating your mom for going thru labor and giving birth to you. I mean, she was the one who did all the work. You just kinda popped out! Happy Birthday!
birthday- I didn't even have to be reminded by Facebook that it was your big day today! Impressed?! Happy Birthday to you!
birthday- For your special day I've arranged a tour of the local assisted living facility! If we get your room reserved now, you get a 20% discount! I hope you enjoy your amazing day! Happy Birthday, you old fart!
birthday- You might not be Christian Grey but I still love you more and more with each passing year! Happy Birthday to you, my better version of Mr. Grey.
birthday- It's your birthday! I'm bringing the fire extinguisher! Let's get this party started! Happy Birthday! May all your dreams come true this new year!
birthday- Congratulations! You're now one more year closer to being known as the 'dirty old man'!! Happy Birthday to you on this incredible day.
birthday- I'm sorry I couldn't get Kate Upton climb inside the gift box. I still hope you like what I got you! Happy Birthday to a dirty old man!
birthday- 101 Funny Birthday Messages for Your Boyfriend
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone I love more than Nutella! I hope your special day is perfect and you get everything you ever wanted and more!
birthday- Happy Birthday to you, my dearest! I hope your birthday is less exciting than King Joffrey's wedding!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who is comparable to fine wine and aged cheese. You get better with age, my dearest!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who doesn't quite look as old as a dried up prune yet. May all your dreams and wishes come true today and every day.
birthday- Happy Birthday to you. In your honor I will refrain from doing the Whip and Nae Nae dance! Of course if you really want me to I can bust a move.
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who doesn't know how to load a dishwasher or fill the gas tank on her car!
birthday- Roses are red. Violets are blue. Sugar is definitely not as sweet as you! Happy Birthday to you! May your day be filled with nothing but roses!
birthday- Happy Birthday!! You are one-in-a-million and I'd rather spend the day celebrating your birthday than anything else—except for watching football, baseball, or hockey.
birthday- You definitely don't look a day older than the age you tell people you are! Happy Birthday to someone full of sugar and spice and everything nice.
birthday- Happy Birthday to the greatest female homosapien to ever walk the planet! Evolution stopped when it created you!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who can make yoga pants and hair bands look hot!
birthday- Birthday Messages to Impress your Girlfriend
birthday- Happy Birthday to an incredible girl! I hope your birthday is perfect and you get everything you've ever dreamed of—except for Channing Tatum. I'll have none of that!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone as devious and sneaky as me! You're a girl's perfect partner-in-crime! May we have many more crazy adventures together!
birthday- Always remember that every time birthday candles are blown out a bottle of wine is born! Happiest of birthdays to someone as amazing, incredible, and wonderful as you!
birthday- I just wanted to tell you that I won the lottery and I plan on giving half of my winnings to you in honor of your special day! So, I will be enclosing $1.50. Happy Birthday! Don't go spending it all in one place now!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone that I would want as my getaway driver if I ever decide to rob a bank. Just saying. I hope your day is ridiculously off-the-hook!!
birthday- From one amazing person to another—Happy Birthday!! You are so incredibly lucky to have such an awesome friend like me!
birthday- Happy Birthday, you sweet young thang! I hope your birthday is unbelievably amazing!
birthday- Funny Birthday Wishes for your family and friends
birthday- Happy Birthday! May your day be full of happiness, laughter, love, and of course the most important thing—wine!!
birthday- Happiest of birthdays to the happiest and chattiest person I've ever met! May your birthday be your dream gab fest full of lots of juicy gossip and rumors!
birthday- One does not simply wish a happy birthday without the requisite dolling out of a birthday spanking!
birthday- May you overindulge on sugar and sweets and laugh until your stomach aches! Happy Birthday to you!
birthday- I had a very difficult time finding a gluten free, GMO free, soy free, vegan birthday cake so I guess we'll celebrate with some delicious frozen water, also commonly referred to as ice! Happy Birthday to you! Cheers to another amazing year!
birthday- A Funny Birthday Wishes Collection to Inspire the Perfect Birthday Greeting
birthday- On your big day I thought we'd go to the zoo but the signs say no pets allowed on the premises so we'll have to come up with something else since you wouldn't be allowed in. Happy Birthday you big stinker!
birthday- Best Wishes on your birthday! I bet you're totally over-the-moon excited that you are now another year older and another year closer to collecting that 5% senior citizen grocery shopping discount! Happy Birthday, you old fart!
birthday- Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side...to wish someone special a very happy birthday! Happy Birthday from one chick to another!
anniversary- Funny wedding anniversary quotes can be a delightfully humorous way to acknowledge and celebrate your anniversary.
anniversary- After all, marriage is hard, funny, and sometimes unthinkable (i.e. you probably know way too much about his bodily functions)
anniversary- Use these funny and relatable quotes and anniversary wishes as text messages, Facebook status or any way you'd like – to have a good laugh together on this special day.
anniversary- Below you'll find clever and funny quotes, words, and wishes you can text, message or post on social media to celebrate your wedding anniversary and your marriage.
anniversary- In my house I'm the boss, my wife is just the decision maker.
anniversary- A marriage anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance, and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
anniversary- For Marriage to Be a Success, Every Woman and Every Man Should Have Her and His Own Bathroom. The End.
anniversary- If two people love each other, nothing is impossible. Except deciding where to eat.
anniversary- When someone is murdered, the police investigate the spouse first. That tells you everything you need to know about marriage.
anniversary- If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead... get married. If you first don't succeed, try doing it the way your wife told you.
anniversary- Marriage is just texting each other – "do we need anything from the grocery store?" – until one of you dies.
anniversary- Wedding anniversaries are a time when men pause and reflect on what it was they did before they were married: anything they wanted to.
anniversary- Heartwarming personalized wedding anniversary gift idea – see on gifts.com
anniversary- I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
anniversary- Marriage is basically just whispering, "Are you awake? I need to show you this cat video.
anniversary- Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
anniversary- An archaeologist is best husband a woman can have: the older she gets, the more interested he is in her.
anniversary- Husbands are the best people to share a secret with because they never listen anyway.
anniversary- Behind every great man – there's a woman rolling her eyes.
anniversary- Unless you want to forget about your marriage, it's a good idea to remember your anniversary.
anniversary- Drug stores understand life. That's why the anniversary cards and sympathy cards are right next to each other.
anniversary- I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
anniversary- Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing... she goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
anniversary- Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age – as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
anniversary- To keep your marriage brimming, with love in the loving cup, whenever you're wrong – admit it. Whenever you're right – shut up.
anniversary- Marriage: when dating goes too far.
anniversary- Marrying a man is like buying something you've been admiring for a long time in a shop window. You may love it when you get it home, but it doesn't always go with everything else.
anniversary- I never knew what real happiness was until I got married; by then it was too late.
anniversary- I love you more than coffee, but please don't make me prove it.
anniversary- The four most important words in any marriage: I'll do the dishes.
anniversary- Marriage is the only kind of fire which is never covered by insurance.
anniversary- Marriage is a lot like the army, everyone complains, but you'd be surprised at the large number that re-enlists.
anniversary- If we take matrimony at its lowest, we regard it as a sort of friendship recognized by the police.
anniversary- "Happy Anniversary to the best first husband I'll ever have."
anniversary- "A wedding band is the smallest handcuff ever made, I'm glad I chose my cellmate wisely."
anniversary- "You're my favorite pain in the ass"
anniversary- "And here I thought you were just a one-night stand. Happy anniversary!"- Pauline Thomason
anniversary- "I shave my legs for you. It must be love."
anniversary- "Well, we made it another year without one of us either ending up dead or in jail."
anniversary- "Happy anniversary! Just imagine if our marriage was functional as you make it appear on Facebook."
anniversary- "I love you. You annoy me more than I ever thought possible. But I want to spend every irritating minute with you."
anniversary- "On our anniversary, I want you to know how much I've enjoyed annoying you all this time and how excited I am to keep doing it in the future."
anniversary- "I'm so privileged that you chose me to be that special woman in your life who will forever have the honor of picking up your socks and washing your underwear."
anniversary- "I vow to still grab your butt when you're old and wrinkly."
anniversary- "I still love you. Even though you fart in your sleep."
anniversary- "Happy Anniversary! Now if I can just remember your birthday this year."
anniversary- "My dear husband, I want you. To do more around the house."
anniversary- "I hope you keep grabbing my butt every time you look for the remote."
anniversary- "I fall in love with you each and every day. Except for yesterday. Yesterday you were really annoying."
anniversary- "All I want for next year is you. Just kidding, give me diamonds."
anniversary- "I love waking up next to you in the morning. Just don't breathe on me."
anniversary- You have me, so I don't know what else you could wish for. But knock yourself out."
anniversary- "Never laugh at your wife's choices you are one of them."
anniversary- "One year down, freaking forever to go. Happy anniversary."
anniversary- "Happy anniversary! We've been through a lot and most of it was your fault."
anniversary- "Sometimes I wonder how you put up with me. Then I remember, oh, I put up with you, so we're even.
anniversary- "I love you. Thanks for killing all the spiders this year."
anniversary- "Thanks for being my unpaid therapist."
anniversary- "Being married to you is like having a best friend who never listens to what you say."
anniversary- "I know you appreciate the fact that before we were married you didn't know there was a wrong way to put the milk back to the fridge."
anniversary- "Happy anniversary my love. Eat all the leftovers again and I will end you."
anniversary- "I love you so much I'd take a bullet for you. Not on the head...but maybe like...the leg"
anniversary- "I love you more than carbs but less than cheese!"
anniversary- "Sorry, no refunds. Happy anniversary!"
anniversary- "Happy anniversary day from the best thing that ever happened to you."
anniversary- "I Love You So Much I'd Fight a Bear for You. Well, Not a Grizzly Bear Because They Have Claws, And Not a Panda Bear Because They Know Kung Fu... But A Care Bear, I'd Definitely Fight a Care Bear for You."
anniversary- "Let's do the one thing I really like to do in the bedroom. Vacuuming."
anniversary- "I really love you, etc. etc. etc. Can we eat now?"
anniversary- "Overall, I love you more than I want to strangle you."
anniversary- "You're still here? I like it."
anniversary- "After all this time, my love for you is still stronger than my desire to be single."
anniversary- "Holy shit. We're still married!"
anniversary- "There's no one else I would rather snoring as hell beside me."
anniversary- "Let's keep making memory after memory together; even though you're losing yours."
anniversary- "Happy anniversary! I want to spend the rest of my money with you."
anniversary- "Congratulations on defying marriage statistics.
anniversary- "Happy anniversary to my husband, who still looks at me the way he looks at other women."
anniversary- "Congratulations on choosing a spouse who makes you look sane."
luck- Every day is a gift. It can be really amazing, but it can be disappointing also. But I want to wish good luck in everything that happens in your life. May your life bring you only pleasant and helpful gifts!
luck- May good and inspiring thought come to you every time you need them the most and may all bad and depressing ones go away and never turn up anymore! Think positively and good luck!
luck- A good mood is the key to success. That's why you should stay cheerful no matter what happens in your life. Keep going and good luck!
luck- Good luck for all your efforts, May you get what you truly deserve, My good wishes are always with you, Go for it!
luck- Good luck beats early rising.
luck- Enjoy the new job and grow. Good luck.
luck- The sweetest things in life are love and happiness. Wishing you good luck now that you have found that.
luck- Luck is yours and wishes are mine,<br> Let your bright future always shine.<br> Good luck!
luck- My prayers and best wishes are always with you. May you have a very good luck. You can make your future bright and shining when you will believe in yourself and never think of quitting. Good luck with everything you do!
luck- Good luck has its storms.
luck- Like you have never done wrong with anyone, I wish God give you all good luck, and u step the ladders of success.
luck- Luck is believing you're lucky.
luck- You are driven by passion, passion drives success, do well. Best of luck!
luck- The road is tough. But the driver is tougher. Good luck!
luck- Your faith will lead you to your success. Good luck!
luck- Luck is what happens to you when fate gets tired of waiting. Good luck!
luck- The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act.
luck- All the best for a bright future! May there be success at every turn of life and all your dreams come true!
luck- Luck is the residue of design.
luck- You can't be successful if you don't try; failures always take you a step closer to success.
luck- Success comes only to those who believe in themselves and are prepared to win. Good luck!
luck- Wish you good luck to chase your dream, this is your first step towards your goal and I wish things gets in your favour.
luck- Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
luck- Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
luck- And now... You're hired! You did amazing and paint the town red! Good luck with your new job!
luck- Your game will start sooner. Bring home the bacon! Soar high! Good luck!
luck- May your good luck be always Good!
luck- Best of luck! The day You decide to do it is your lucky day.
luck- When an important day comes remember that everything depends on you and may good luck be with you!
luck- Good luck to you and remember to keep your head up high for all the days of your beautiful and wonderful life.
luck- Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
luck- God does not make the hills you have got to climb any smaller but god can make the climbing easier. Therefore I believe you will manage these tasks with the help of god.
luck- Luck is not found but made by those who are determined and you are one such person. Best of luck!
luck- They say you need happiness, love, oxygen to live, But I think you also need luck, which is something I want to wish you today!
luck- Be prepared for any kind of tasks every time. Always believe in yourself. If you follow these two things then you will surely get success in every field of life. I hope that you win each task and you have a very happy life. Have a best of luck in all your life.
luck- I know you don't believe in good luck. So, I am wishing you all the very best in life to achieve all success.
luck- May good and inspiring thought come to you every time you need them the most and may all bad and depressing ones go away and never turn up anymore! Think positively and good luck!
luck- We dropped by to say we will miss you lots! All the best to you...
luck- May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light... May Good luck pursue you each morning and night.
luck- I hope good things will happen to you. Good luck!
luck- Fortune sides with him who dares.
luck- Diligence is the mother of good luck.
luck- May your magical charisma get you loads and loads of success. I wish you Good luck.
luck- Luck is not chance. It's Toil. Fortune's expensive smile is earned.
luck- The only person, who shall shape your future is you. Good Luck.
luck- When the world turns against you simply change your direction and walk away. Best of luck.
luck- Please remember that whatever you do, we will support you, and all we want is to wish you the best of luck in your future!
luck- Luck is very important to survive in life. I wish you the best of luck in all your life. May you have a great life ahead.
luck- The only thing that is able to attract luck is a genuine smile. Wake up, smile at the world and wait a little bit... I'm sure luck will delight you with amazing surprises if you keep smiling. Good luck!
luck- If it's for you, it will be. If not, there's always a reserved plan A, B, C... Good luck!
luck- I want to wish you a really good day that will bring you a lot of great pieces of news and unforgettable events. I hope that fortune will treat you kind during your whole life. Good luck!
luck- Good luck in all your endeavors.
luck- The universe works in crazy ways. Your good luck will come in waves, and so does your bad, so you have to take the good with the bad and press forward.
luck- Here's to wishing you the best of luck in all life has to offer you.
luck- Luck is yours, wishes are mine, let's your future be always shine. Best of luck.
luck- If you keep working as hard in the future, nothing can stop you.
luck- All you need in life is luck, you have to rely on it, and rely on faith, these two things will help you progress in life! Good luck!
luck- Never stop believing in yourself. Never think of quitting in life. You can do everything and you can get through every problem if you don't quit and if you have belief in yourself. I will always be there for you to help you out whenever you need me and I will stand beside you every time. Wishing you the best of luck for the future.
luck- As long as you have my good luck wish with you, you will never be fail in life and no negativity will prevail around you.
luck- May good and inspiring thoughts come to you every time you need them the most. And, may all bad thoughts go away and never turn up anymore! Think positively and good luck!
luck- What a wonderful day to reach all your goals and make the most desired dreams come true! I wish that you'll take this opportunity and succeed in everything you do. Good luck!
luck- Never mind the people who discourage you. They are there to test how determined you are to get your dreams done. Just be thankful because they remind you to go on.
luck- The road may seem rough, but there's always light at the end of the tunnel.
luck- Life may seem tough, But for a Smooth Sailing, My Good Luck Wishes are enough!
luck- My good luck message is there for you to give you all positive vibes what you need to achieve in life.
luck- Wishing you all the good luck in the world!
luck- Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.
luck- Here's to hoping good luck continues to follow you for all the rest of your days my friend.
luck- Wishing you good luck for your exams. Be patient and have faith in yourself. Everything will work out for the best.
luck- May the grace of God be with you, protecting you always from any harm! Best wishes and good luck!
luck- We were all born with luck, but not all of us have discovered it, I wanted to wish you good luck on finding you luck!
luck- Yes, no perfect life is there. But it can be made perfect by having lots of perfect moments and celebrating them. Best of luck dear!
luck- We dropped by to say we will miss you lots, son! All the best to you...
luck- May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light... May Good luck pursue you each morning and night. Missing you so!
luck- Just be yourself and the rest will follow, my dear daughter. Good luck! I miss you!
luck- You have never said no to any task coming your way. This is just another task, do it the best way. Good luck! I miss you.
luck- Every day is a gift. May your life bring you only pleasant and good things and you treasure every moment. Good luck. I miss you so much! Just remember I am always there for you.
luck- The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck.
luck- I hope your new job brings you as much happiness as the amount of effort and hard work you put into it. Good luck in making your job enjoyable and productive at the same time. Hugs and kisses, I miss you.
luck- May each day bring you new hopes and the enthusiasm to explore new aspects of life! Wish you all the best!
luck- Luck is such an amazing thing, but not many people have it so today I want to wish you lots of it! I know we are far from each other, but let me wish you good luck and say that I miss you.
luck- Actions are much more important than dreams in order to achieve something really great. You must have a proper plan for how to achieve it. And the most important thing is that you must believe yourself that you can do it. I wish you good luck with all the things you have to achieve.
luck- You are the best, I have this faith in you. Good luck and do your best to achieve what you desire.
luck- In life, you should always celebrate happy endings and new beginnings. Cheers to a gracious end at your old job and a promising beginning at your new one. Congratulations and good luck!
luck- I heard you have an upcoming exam. Do your best and I hope you pass it. Best luck on it!
luck- Study well and be prepared your exam. Give your best shot at it. I am pretty confident that you can make it. My best wishes are with you. Good luck too!
luck- You have worked incredibly hard. Good luck! We are proud of you.
luck- The way in which you approach a challenge is exemplary. May you make it happen. Good Luck!
luck- Luck never gives; it only lends.
luck- I know you can climb the highest mountains. Never lose faith in yourself. Good luck!
luck- Luck is very changeable and moody, but I wish that it always be on your side and bring you many amazing surprises. Good luck!
luck- You may be hurt sometimes, you may fail and lose sometimes. You may not get what you want, but never stop thinking good and struggling. By struggles, you will get everything you want. This is the real success. I wish you good luck with your tasks.
luck- Challenges come in life to test our abilities to fight back.So, good luck and give a hard punch to all the hurdles.
luck- The world is yours!
luck- No one is luckier than him who believes in his luck.
luck- Life is an open book full of blank pages. You write the story as you go. I wish you all the best in life.
luck- Exams are like ex-boyfriends and ex-girlfriends. Their thoughts harass you until late at night, turn your life upside down and cut you off from the rest of the world. All you can do is get over them as quickly as you can. Good luck.
luck- I find my heart singing a chorus at your happy news. Good luck to you during this joyous time.
luck- Things can be bad at times, as life is not always the same, there can be roadblocks and blame, but, eventually you will reach the goal, just play your part and role, Good luck to you!
luck- Remember to never stop giving your best in any situation you find yourself in. If you do this, you shall achieve your goals and be a winner. Good luck for the future.
luck- May you get all your desires and may you get success on every single step. I wish you the best of luck.
luck- May God give you the courage to face all challenges with a smile!
luck- Nothing can stop you from doing your best, nothing can pull you down – as long as you start studying hard and stop fooling around. Good luck.
luck- Life is a lottery that we've already won. But most people have not cashed in their tickets.
luck- Whether you have profits, whether you have losses – when you come home you will always have my hugs and kisses. Good luck for the business, says your Mrs.
luck- It is a famous quote that says "try and try again one day you will get the success". Follow this quote and achieve the success.
luck- All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
luck- The only weapon from regrets and concerns is optimism. Be optimistic, resilient and cheerful, because all these positive feelings are like magnet for luck and happiness. Wish you good luck and success in everything you do!
luck- You've walked through valleys high and mountains low to get to that spot where you are standing now, and I'm so proud of you. With this new phase in your career, I wish you the best of luck.
luck- As long as you have hard work in your stride, good Luck will always be by your side.
luck- May all your problems be easily solved, may all your undertakings throughout the day be successful and may your soul fill with peace and harmony! Good luck!
luck- The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
luck- Happiness doesn't stay in your life for long. So when you have it, enjoy it to the fullest. Wishing you all the best!
luck- A new day has come and it's going to bring you many unexpected events and surprises, so may luck be on your side and make all these events really happy, pleasant and positive. Good luck!
luck- They say that successful people are those who dream big, but I believe that they not only believe but their actions are more important in their success. They do hard work to get their desires and to change their dreams into a reality. I wish you strength and a good luck in life.
luck- Have confidence in yourself, and do not get scared of challenges. Everything will turn in your favour. Good luck!
luck- You are the best, and you need competitions like this to showcase your extraordinary God-given talent to the world. I wish you success and good luck!
luck- I wish you well in all things you do in your life. Best of luck.
luck- Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
luck- Nowadays, you have to be lucky enough to have some good lucks because they are just so rare! However, I wish you all the very best!
luck- My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed.
luck- Luck is everything... My good luck in life was to be a really frightened person. I'm fortunate to be a coward, to have a low threshold of fear, because a hero couldn't make a good suspense film.
luck- No matter what your laundry list of requirements in choosing a mate, there has to be an element of good luck and good fortune and good timing.
luck- Men of action are favored by the Goddess of luck.
luck- Nobody gets justice. People only get good luck or bad luck.
luck- Luck affects everything; let your hook always be cast; in the stream where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
luck- In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
luck- I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
luck- When luck is on your side it is not the time to be modest or timid. It is the time to go for the biggest success you can possibly achieve.
luck- Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit.
luck- What we call luck is the inner man externalized. We make things happen to us.
luck- Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.