anniversary- Funny wedding anniversary quotes can be a delightfully humorous way to acknowledge and celebrate your anniversary.
anniversary- After all, marriage is hard, funny, and sometimes unthinkable (i.e. you probably know way too much about his bodily functions)
anniversary- Use these funny and relatable quotes and anniversary wishes as text messages, Facebook status or any way you'd like - to have a good laugh together on this special day.
anniversary- Below you'll find clever and funny quotes, words, and wishes you can text, message or post on social media to celebrate your wedding anniversary and your marriage.
anniversary- In my house I'm the boss, my wife is just the decision maker.
anniversary- A marriage anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance, and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
anniversary- For Marriage to Be a Success, Every Woman and Every Man Should Have Her and His Own Bathroom. The End.
anniversary- If two people love each other, nothing is impossible. Except deciding where to eat.
anniversary- When someone is murdered, the police investigate the spouse first. That tells you everything you need to know about marriage.
anniversary- If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead... get married. If you first don't succeed, try doing it the way your wife told you.
anniversary- Marriage is just texting each other - "do we need anything from the grocery store?" - until one of you dies.
anniversary- Wedding anniversaries are a time when men pause and reflect on what it was they did before they were married: anything they wanted to.
anniversary- Heartwarming personalized wedding anniversary gift idea - see on gifts.com
anniversary- I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
anniversary- Marriage is basically just whispering, "Are you awake? I need to show you this cat video.
anniversary- Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
anniversary- An archaeologist is best husband a woman can have: the older she gets, the more interested he is in her.
anniversary- Husbands are the best people to share a secret with because they never listen anyway.
anniversary- Behind every great man - there's a woman rolling her eyes.
anniversary- Unless you want to forget about your marriage, it's a good idea to remember your anniversary.
anniversary- Drug stores understand life. That's why the anniversary cards and sympathy cards are right next to each other.
anniversary- I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
anniversary- Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing... she goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
anniversary- Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
anniversary- To keep your marriage brimming, with love in the loving cup, whenever you're wrong - admit it. Whenever you're right - shut up.
anniversary- Marriage: when dating goes too far.
anniversary- Marrying a man is like buying something you've been admiring for a long time in a shop window. You may love it when you get it home, but it doesn't always go with everything else.
anniversary- I never knew what real happiness was until I got married; by then it was too late.
anniversary- I love you more than coffee, but please don't make me prove it.
anniversary- The four most important words in any marriage: I'll do the dishes.
anniversary- Marriage is the only kind of fire which is never covered by insurance.
anniversary- Marriage is a lot like the army, everyone complains, but you'd be surprised at the large number that re-enlists.
anniversary- If we take matrimony at its lowest, we regard it as a sort of friendship recognized by the police.
anniversary- "Happy Anniversary to the best first husband I'll ever have."
anniversary- "A wedding band is the smallest handcuff ever made, I'm glad I chose my cellmate wisely."
anniversary- "You're my favorite pain in the ass"
anniversary- "And here I thought you were just a one-night stand. Happy anniversary!"- Pauline Thomason
anniversary- "I shave my legs for you. It must be love."
anniversary- "Well, we made it another year without one of us either ending up dead or in jail."
anniversary- "Happy anniversary! Just imagine if our marriage was functional as you make it appear on Facebook."
anniversary- "I love you. You annoy me more than I ever thought possible. But I want to spend every irritating minute with you."
anniversary- "On our anniversary, I want you to know how much I've enjoyed annoying you all this time and how excited I am to keep doing it in the future."
anniversary- "I'm so privileged that you chose me to be that special woman in your life who will forever have the honor of picking up your socks and washing your underwear."
anniversary- "I vow to still grab your butt when you're old and wrinkly."
anniversary- "I still love you. Even though you fart in your sleep."
anniversary- "Happy Anniversary! Now if I can just remember your birthday this year."
anniversary- "My dear husband, I want you. To do more around the house."
anniversary- "I hope you keep grabbing my butt every time you look for the remote."
anniversary- "I fall in love with you each and every day. Except for yesterday. Yesterday you were really annoying."
anniversary- "All I want for next year is you. Just kidding, give me diamonds."
anniversary- "I love waking up next to you in the morning. Just don't breathe on me."
anniversary- You have me, so I don't know what else you could wish for. But knock yourself out."
anniversary- "Never laugh at your wife's choices you are one of them."
anniversary- "One year down, freaking forever to go. Happy anniversary."
anniversary- "Happy anniversary! We've been through a lot and most of it was your fault."
anniversary- "Sometimes I wonder how you put up with me. Then I remember, oh, I put up with you, so we're even.
anniversary- "I love you. Thanks for killing all the spiders this year."
anniversary- "Thanks for being my unpaid therapist."
anniversary- "Being married to you is like having a best friend who never listens to what you say."
anniversary- "I know you appreciate the fact that before we were married you didn't know there was a wrong way to put the milk back to the fridge."
anniversary- "Happy anniversary my love. Eat all the leftovers again and I will end you."
anniversary- "I love you so much I'd take a bullet for you. Not on the head...but maybe like...the leg"
anniversary- "I love you more than carbs but less than cheese!"
anniversary- "Sorry, no refunds. Happy anniversary!"
anniversary- "Happy anniversary day from the best thing that ever happened to you."
anniversary- "I Love You So Much I'd Fight a Bear for You. Well, Not a Grizzly Bear Because They Have Claws, And Not a Panda Bear Because They Know Kung Fu... But A Care Bear, I'd Definitely Fight a Care Bear for You."
anniversary- "Let's do the one thing I really like to do in the bedroom. Vacuuming."
anniversary- "I really love you, etc. etc. etc. Can we eat now?"
anniversary- "Overall, I love you more than I want to strangle you."
anniversary- "You're still here? I like it."
anniversary- "After all this time, my love for you is still stronger than my desire to be single."
anniversary- "Holy shit. We're still married!"
anniversary- "There's no one else I would rather snoring as hell beside me."
anniversary- "Let's keep making memory after memory together; even though you're losing yours."
anniversary- "Happy anniversary! I want to spend the rest of my money with you."
anniversary- "Congratulations on defying marriage statistics.
anniversary- "Happy anniversary to my husband, who still looks at me the way he looks at other women."
anniversary- "Congratulations on choosing a spouse who makes you look sane."
anniversary- In my house I'm the boss, my wife is just the decision maker.
anniversary- A marriage anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance, and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
anniversary- For Marriage to Be a Success, Every Woman and Every Man Should Have Her and His Own Bathroom. The End.
anniversary- If two people love each other, nothing is impossible. Except deciding where to eat.
anniversary- When someone is murdered, the police investigate the spouse first. That tells you everything you need to know about marriage.
anniversary- If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead... get married. If you first don't succeed, try doing it the way your wife told you.
anniversary- Marriage is just texting each other - "do we need anything from the grocery store?" - until one of you dies.
anniversary- Wedding anniversaries are a time when men pause and reflect on what it was they did before they were married: anything they wanted to.
anniversary- I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
anniversary- Marriage is basically just whispering, "Are you awake? I need to show you this cat video.
anniversary- Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
anniversary- An archaeologist is best husband a woman can have: the older she gets, the more interested he is in her.
anniversary- Husbands are the best people to share a secret with because they never listen anyway.
anniversary- Behind every great man - there's a woman rolling her eyes.
anniversary- Unless you want to forget about your marriage, it's a good idea to remember your anniversary.
anniversary- Drug stores understand life. That's why the anniversary cards and sympathy cards are right next to each other.
anniversary- I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
anniversary- Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing... she goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
anniversary- Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
anniversary- To keep your marriage brimming, with love in the loving cup, whenever you're wrong - admit it. Whenever you're right - shut up.
anniversary- Marriage: when dating goes too far.
anniversary- Marrying a man is like buying something you've been admiring for a long time in a shop window. You may love it when you get it home, but it doesn't always go with everything else.
anniversary- I never knew what real happiness was until I got married; by then it was too late.
anniversary- I love you more than coffee, but please don't make me prove it.
anniversary- The four most important words in any marriage: I'll do the dishes.
anniversary- Marriage is the only kind of fire which is never covered by insurance.
anniversary- Marriage is a lot like the army, everyone complains, but you'd be surprised at the large number that re-enlists.
anniversary- Love is blind but marriage is a real eye-opener
anniversary- If we take matrimony at its lowest, we regard it as a sort of friendship recognized by the police.
anniversary- You have given me so much to be happy about since the day you said, "I do". Having someone to pick out my clothes is one of them. Happy Anniversary, my love.
anniversary- You are a great husband. You really are a winner. So, let's celebrate our marriage, and take me out to dinner. Happy Anniversary.
anniversary- True love is letting your wife max out your credit card. Really, it is. Let's celebrate our love while we still have some money left. Sincere anniversary wishes to my loving husband.
anniversary- You have to admit, we're perfect for each other. I do all the talking, and you do all the listening. It's a marriage made in heaven. It's our anniversary, so of course you'll agree with me, right? Anniversary wishes to you my love.
anniversary- I'm right. I'm always right. Wouldn't you agree? I made the right decision when I married you. I think you'll agree you're very lucky, but so am I. Cheers to our happy marriage this anniversary day.
anniversary- My feelings weren't hurt when you let Scruffy eat the first dinner I ever cooked for you. I know you didn't marry me for my cooking because our marriage never would have lasted if you did. Congratulation to us on our anniversary, Sweetheart.
anniversary- If marriage makes you crazy, I must be totally insane by now because I love you madly. Admit it. You must be totally bonkers, too. Best wishes to you, my love, on our anniversary.
anniversary- Happy Anniversary to my old ball and chain! There is no one else I would rather be stuck with!
anniversary- Here is to another year of laughing, loving, and putting up with each other's mother!
anniversary- Being married is really something! I'll let you decide what exactly it is.
anniversary- Wedding anniversaries, like birthdays, are a time to celebrate surviving another year. So happy you survived yours. Sending you best wishes on your anniversary.
anniversary- You have walked through your marriage hand in hand. Was it love that made you do it or the fear of killing each other if you let go? I'm guessing it was love. All the best on your anniversary!
anniversary- They say marriage makes you live longer. I guess it's true because you've been married forever. Congratulations on your anniversary, and best wishes for many more to come you old lovebirds.
anniversary- The longer two people stay together, the more they look like each other. Hopefully, you two don't grow matching beards. Have an awesome anniversary.
anniversary- Your marriage is the perfect example of true love. You don't get annoyed when he hogs the television to watch sports, and he doesn't get annoyed when you paint the bedroom pink. Congratulations on another anniversary.
anniversary- You fight, then you make up. Then you argue again and reconcile. Such is the life of happily married couples like you. Have a relaxing anniversary.
anniversary- There's a cover for every pot, and you have found yours. Enjoy the perfect match you have, and celebrate your anniversary with a warm helping of love. Congratulations!
anniversary- Best wishes to you on your anniversary! You guys have such an amazing love story! You remind me of Romeo & Juliet, except without all the family drama and tragedy. Congratulations again you two.
anniversary- Congratulations! It's the anniversary of the day you threw the most kickbutt party ever! The booze was flowing and the music was thumping, what a day it was. Oh yeah there was some sort of ceremony too. You got hitched! It was a great day indeed!
anniversary- Woo hoo! Congratulations! You've made it! It's your wedding anniversary! Can you hardly believe this much time has passed since you tied the knot?! Well the best is yet to come, my friend!
anniversary- Wishing you a sensational wedding anniversary! This calls for a huge celebration and perhaps a little bubbly? Congratulations to a fabulous couple!
anniversary- Is there anything better than a wedding? Yes! An anniversary! This means that the wedding was a success! You made it! Now let's get a few more anniversaries under our belt before we get a little overly excited… just kidding. Cheers to you both!
anniversary- Congratulations on you both being able to put up with each other's crap! It's a miracle! You guys rock! Now the important question is…where is the free booze?
anniversary- You two have made this whole 'love and marriage' and 'til death do you part' business look pretty darn enticing. You have me thinking I might consider it for myself one of these days…Congratulations to an exception couple!
anniversary- Well done! You've made it! You reached a milestone that not many of us (obviously not me—I knew you would all along…) thought you'd make! Break out the champagne! Congrats, you guys!
anniversary- You two have definitely become 'one'—one heck of an amazing couple that is! You guys make marriage look good! Best wishes on your big day!
anniversary- So I have a confession; I thought the whole institution of marriage thing was a crock—that is until I saw you guys pull it off. You had one heck of a party, received a boatload of gifts, went on a killer vacation—and have been celebrating ever sense! Congratulations to you guys! Now I need to find myself a spouse!
anniversary- You two are like Bonnie and Clyde - bad asses that are hot for each other!
anniversary- Days of laughter. Nights of kissing. Months of snuggles. Years of marriage. Hope you two have all this and more on your anniversary.
anniversary- They say a wedding ring is the world's smallest handcuff. Here is to another year of the best jail time ever!
anniversary- Which one is the better half? Which one is the worst half? I will let you discuss that among each other.
anniversary- Today, you don't have to be afraid of becoming a dull, married couple… because you already are!
anniversary- Best of luck to you on your anniversary, Mom and Dad. It's a special day for me as well as you because it would have been impossible for me to send this message without you. Thanks.
anniversary- Anniversary wishes are sent your way. Love from your one and only favorite child.
anniversary- You know I'm a product of your love - a by-product of your successful marriage. Am I not the best thing that ever happened to you? Okay, maybe not. The best thing that ever happened to you was your marriage to each other. Congratulations on your anniversary day.
anniversary- You watched me grow up, and I watched your love grow through the years. Unlike my wardrobe, it's a good thing your marriage was always a good fit. Sincere wishes on your anniversary, Mom and Dad!
anniversary- I wish to have a good marriage like yours one day. One that's blessed with mutual respect, love, understanding, and a wonderful son like me. You're welcome. Have a marvelous anniversary.
anniversary- Anniversary wishes to my wonderful parents. Best wishes from the wonderful daughter you created.
anniversary- I never thought I'd have parents as cool and as you. Guess you get your coolness from me. May your anniversary be as awesome as you are my Parental Units.