birthday- For your birthday, I wanted to get you something to remind you of your youth, but they were sold out of cave art and dinosaur bones.
birthday- A lighter? We're going to need a flame-thrower to light up your candles.
birthday- If I have to tie you up and swing a light over your head until you talk, I will. Eventually, you'll spill the location of that Fountain of Youth you've found!
birthday- Actually, I wanted to get you something super special, super terrific, unique and beautiful for your birthday, but I don't fit into the envelope.
birthday- To my friend on his birthday: I want you to know that I've always looked up to you. Yes, you're taller than me, but I've always admired your style and impeccable grooming. By the way, time to trim that nose hair.
birthday- Age is a high price to pay for maturity.
birthday- One of the things I learned growing up with you, is that if you have a dream, you should always chase it. I mean, you still can run in your age right? Nevertheless, happy birthday!
birthday- Having you around always made me feel like we will be forever young, yet, you ended up breaking that rule, you grumpy old geezer!
birthday- I really hope you brushed your teeth this morning! Because with your age, I'm not sure your teeth will survive until next year.
birthday- If you believe in it, you can be anything! Unless you want to be young again, then I'm afraid you missed that train old pal!
birthday- Just to be sure, I'm going to bring a few buckets full with water tonight before you light up the candles, don't want to be homeless on your birthday due to an accidental fire! Happy birthday my friend!
birthday- Instead of being sad because you grew up, be happy because you will not be the grumpy old geezer you will become in 10 years! Happy birthday!
birthday- So, I always wanted to learn about dinosaurs. Could you share your knowledge with me? I mean, you have probably met them in person! Just kidding, happy birthday you fossil!
birthday- They say that at your age, birthday cocktails should be replaced with nutritional smoothies. Thank goodness we never listen to what they say.
birthday- Growing old is mandatory but growing up is optional.
birthday- I don't know how you do it. You don't look a year older than 185! Happy Birthday to the best friend, ever!
birthday- Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
birthday- Happy Birthday on your amazing day, I hope that you don't die before you eat your cake. You're another year older and another year wiser. So put your brain to work and figure out there isn't no gift for you.
birthday- Aging seems to be the only available way to live a long life said, Kitty Collins. Be glad you're doing it gracefully.
birthday- Don't think of it as getting older, think of it as becoming a classic.
birthday- (written in real small text). You're not old until you can't read this writing anymore.
birthday- You're older. You're wiser. You're sophisticated. You're far too mature to be concerned with material things like presents.
birthday- Celebration time: Happy birthday, you old bag!
birthday- I have trouble wrapping my head around these birthdays we continue to have. I have trouble wrapping my head around lots of things. Like, why do the most biscuit-headed guys come in the best wrapping?
birthday- Happy Birthday to my Bestie. Rhyming makes me testy. I'll try to make it jesty. Don't get mad if it's pesky, but have a zesty day! Hey, I tried.
birthday- We're best friends, so there are certain things I know about you. You're humble and lavish gifts embarrass you. So,(only to make you comfortable, of course) I've limited my birthday wishes to this simple, heartfelt card. Your welcome.
birthday- On your birthday, let's solidify our friendship commitment and the bond we share. We always have each other's back, right? (I hope so. You've got WAY too much "on" me!)
birthday- Happy birthday to a loyal friend who looks as cool as he did in high school. You can still rock that tie-dye, AND you've hung on to our friendship and your mullet, whether we're popular or not.
birthday- Come on, don't be like this. You have survived this year. Although you're older, trust me it's better than the alternative.
birthday- Congratulations on your birthday! Remember Today, no sex! Because you need all your energy to blow out the candles!
birthday- Count your blessings, not your wrinkles.
birthday- It's your birthday, and I must say, you indeed take the cake! And the ice cream. And all the rest of the snacks. Slow down and save some for the rest of us!
birthday- Don't feel uncomfortable about your age. We will all one day get as old as you are.
birthday- Don't forget to wear your birthday suit...but check it for wrinkles first!
birthday- Don't forget to wear your sunglasses when the cake is served. Happy birthday.
birthday- An old fart is as good as a new one...
birthday- Enjoy your birthday cake today since tomorrow we'll return to judging you based on every single morsel you ingest.
birthday- Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
birthday- Forget about the past, you can't change it, forget about the future, you can't predict it, forget about the present, I didn't get you one!
birthday- Forget your past, it's already done. Forget your present, too; because I forgot.
birthday- I'm throwing you an existentialist themed birthday party. If you're in the woods, and a tree falls on your birthday, and there's no one there to see it, are you still a year older? I'll stay out of the woods just in case.
birthday- Why do old guys start growing hair from their ears? On this birthday, I figured you could answer from personal knowledge. While you're at it, either pull up those dark socks or change from shorts into pants - as a public service.
birthday- Friends may come and go, but birthdays just accumulate.
birthday- George Carlin said that. Don't ask me what it means. You wanted something unique for your birthday, you got it.
birthday- Happiness is like peeing in your pants, everyone can see it, but only you can feel its warmth. And that's what you feel today. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Happy birthday to a man who is really younger than he looks.
birthday- Have fun as much as you can, but not too much, because you are at a vulnerable age.
birthday- Happy birthday to a person who is smart, good looking, and funny and reminds me a lot of myself.
birthday- Have you ever try to get yourself in a fridge and see what happens? It's ok you can light up all your candles now? We all have a glass of water in our hands.
birthday- Happy birthday to you. You live in a zoo. You look like a monkey. And you smell like one too
birthday- Hmm ... I do not know why, but I had a strong urge to send you a text message! But why? I know! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
birthday- Happy Birthday! It's about time you start acting like your real age.
birthday- Hoping that you can find all the strength and courage needed... to blow all of the candles out.
birthday- Happy Birthday! The inevitable came a year closer.
birthday- Hoping you dance the night away or at least watch other people dance late into the night, or at least stay awake...
birthday- Happy Birthday! You look beautiful for a person who is by one year closer to death.
birthday- I didn't forget your birthday. I just forgot today's date!
birthday- Happy Birthday! You're one year closer to your death day.
birthday- I figured out, what's the most challenging thing to do. I think it's the counting of your wrinkles. Finding one is impossible.
birthday- Happy Birthday, but what's your secret; a time machine or something.
birthday- I think we're going to need a bigger cake to fit all your candles.
birthday- Happy Birthday, you're not getting older you're just a little closer to death.
birthday- I wanted to give you something unique, grand and loving on your birthday! But I just did not fit on the screen!
birthday- Happy Birthday. I promise I won't tell how old you really are!
birthday- I was trying to think of what to get you for your birthday, but nothing came to mind.
birthday- I wish you all the best, for another 100 years here on earth!
birthday- I'm at an age when my back goes out more than I do.
birthday- I'm just here for the cake.
birthday- I'm not going to make any age-related jokes, because, in fact, I feel a little pity about how old you are.
birthday- If someone comes up with the idea to call you old: then hit him with your stick and throw him your teeth! Happy Birthday!
birthday- If you want to look young and thin on your birthday. Hang around a bunch of old fat people.
birthday- I'll always think of you as someone older than me. Happy Birthday.
birthday- You must have one of the best plastic surgeons. There is no other explanation.
birthday- You recognize the fact that you're getting older when the candles cost more than the birthday cake.
birthday- You think you are old? You're not old... you were old last year, this year you're ancient.
birthday- You think you're something special because it's your birthday today? You're something special every day!
birthday- You would have loved the gift I didn't bother getting you.
birthday- Your birthday reminds me of the old Chinese scholar. Yung No Mo
birthday- You're not 40, you're eighteen with 22 years of experience!
birthday- You're so old when you look at your birth certificate it said expired
birthday- You're a hard person to shop for, so I didn't get you anything. Happy birthday.
birthday- You're not forty; you're eighteen with twenty-two years of experience.
birthday- You're not getting older. You're just a little closer to dying! Happy anniversary of your umbilical cord separation.
birthday- We thought we would get the right amount of candles to put on your cake this year, but quickly ran out of space. Happy Birthday!
birthday- One of the best pieces of advice in life is "you have to appreciate the little things". That said, I know that spotting little things is easier said than done at your age! Happy Birthday!
birthday- Seeing as I usually forget everyone's birthdays, you should consider it a miracle that I'm sending you this message. Happy Birthday!
birthday- It's about time one of us turned 18! Drinks are on you, then! Happy Birthday!
birthday- Don't let your age get you down, it won't be long until you are allowed to start learning to drive. But until then, on your bike! Happy Birthday!
birthday- To my brother who still owes me several big ones. I didn't get you a gift this year, so let's call it even. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Ain't no Cake Big Enough! | Funny Birthday Wishes for Older and Younger Brothers
birthday- I can't believe how big you're getting! Long gone are the days when I could steal cake from your plate and no one would ever be the wiser. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Don't you think it's about time we grew up a bit and stopped painting the town? I know exactly what you'll say. Next year. Happy Birthday!
birthday- I'm not a fan of overly sweet messages as you know, birthdays are for fun! So let's ditch the old folks later and get out and about like we used to! Happy Birthday!
birthday- Oh yeah, one more year to annoy everyone you know. Happy Birthday, anyway!...
birthday- I hope you have low expectations for your meal and cake this year, I hear dad's having a go at being the chef. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Happy Birthday, you're closer to seeing another century pass.
birthday- Your LOL Message! | Funny Birthday Wishes for a Friend
birthday- One more year to pretend you're old enough to care about people around you.
birthday- You're not old. You're just old enough to know better and not old enough to care. Happy Birthday!
birthday- The emergency department is on speed dial just in case you have an unexpected asthma attack blowing the candles.
birthday- Party like it's 1959, when you could still dance and drink alcohol without ending up you to the hospital.
birthday- Remember when we stayed up late running from the law? No? Good. I don't either. Happy Birthday oldie!
birthday- Another year to prove that older doesn't really mean wiser. Happy birthday!
birthday- Going old happens. Growing up is a choice. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Happy Birthday. You're one step closer to diapers being mandatory!
birthday- I made a list about the words of wisdom I wanted to give you for your birthday. It's still blank. Maybe next year.
birthday- May all your birthday wishes come true — except for the illegal ones!
birthday- It's your birthday, but make sure you get all your present before you offend everyone.
birthday- Today is your birthday, the only day you're allowed to say things that you'd regret on any other day.
birthday- Oh yeah! You're getting closer to the age when the government sends you money every month. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Statistics show that people who live longer have more birthdays, costing us more money for presents!
birthday- If you counted your birthday in dog years, you'd now be a teenager! Happy Birthday.
birthday- Another year to kick your bucket list to the curb.
birthday- Happy birthday! Here's to being immature for a lifetime.
birthday- As your younger sister, it's only right for me to remind you on your birthday that you're still older than me. Ha!
birthday- When I reach your age I'll still younger than you, you dinosaur! Happy bday!
birthday- Today is the start of the rest of your life. What? You're how old. Revise: Today is the start of the oldest part of your life.
birthday- Don't you wish you were a kid again? Of course not, cause you're still doing the same things you did back then.
birthday- Here's hoping that you enjoy your birthday as much as you enjoy torturing everyone all year.
birthday- I tried to find something that represented the year you were born. Unfortunately, the thrift shops were closed. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Congratulations bud! You are now officially 20 years away from turning 50.
birthday- I'm just coming over for the treat. By the way, many happy returns.
birthday- Here is a hug! Happy birthday!!!! PS: I'm broke!
birthday- You just lost one more year of your life. Happy birthday, man!
birthday- It is said that those who have the most birthdays, live the longest. Birthdays are great. Happy birthday, dude.
birthday- Happy birthday, Dinosaur.
birthday- You turned 50? Well that botox is certainly working.
birthday- You asked for it. Here is nothing. Happy birthday.
birthday- I hope you see the day when you have no teeth.
birthday- Will there be cake tomorrow or no?
birthday- Happy birthday, my 30-year-old Grandma.
birthday- Want to look young today? Play chess with Grandpa.
birthday- Want to look young today? Go to an old age home.
birthday- You just tuned 40? Well, your mom just told me you are 43.
birthday- Your grandmother wants her walking stick back. Happy Birthday!
birthday- I can never forget your birthday. It always comes after the day you remind me of it. Happy birthday.
birthday- Happy 500th birthday, Vampire. May you stay forever young!
birthday- Do I have to remind you at your age that TODAY is your birthday? Happy birthday to you.
birthday- You're great and even greater on your birthday. YES, I've been drinking!
birthday- The funny thing about you is that you age, but your maturity levels always stay the same!
birthday- This time we made sure that your candles cost less than the cake. We just got the two numbers. Have a happy 85th birthday!
birthday- The secret to a great birthday is not remembering what happened that day. Just don't wake up in jail.
birthday- Now it's time to fall in love, get married and make me a grandparent. And hopefully do all those things in this order! Until then Happy Birthday!
birthday- Your wife say you're definitely getting better with age. Does that mean you started to take the trash out? Happy Bday.
birthday- This birthday means it' time to start treating your kids like gold. They'll be choosing your nursing home soon.
birthday- It's your birthday. The good news is that you're only as old as you act and right now you're in kindergarten.
birthday- I will never send you one of those greeting cards making fun about your age. I know how sensitive old folks are about their age.
birthday- Finally you're 21 and legally able to do everything you've been doing since you were 14 years old.
birthday- What comes with being 18 years old? Bills, bills and more bills... and waiting three more years to do what you really want.
birthday- I can't believe you're 50. You don't look a day over 49 and a half.
birthday- You know you're getting old when your kids are lecturing you. Fight the power! Happy Birthday!
birthday- I bet if you knew at 18 years old what you know now, you'd have still done the same stupid things that you did. Here's to staying young. Happy Birthday.
birthday- I thought about sending you a birthday card mocking your age, but I decided against it. Remember that when you are writing your will.
birthday- You're the best young person I know. You make me thankful to be old.
birthday- Don't worry about getting old. You're still above ground.
birthday- The secret to staying young is lying about your age. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Let's be honest! You don't really care what I write on this card. You probably won't even read it. All you care about is the gift inside! And that's why I love you, happy birthday!
birthday- Consider the positives. You have another birthday and you still have all your teeth.
birthday- I just wanted to remind you that you're a year older than you were last year.
birthday- Today is the day when everyone reminds you you're a year older and we all pretend to be happy about it.
birthday- Happy Birthday! You don't look a day over... whatever age you were at your last birthday!
birthday- You had me at "there will be cake and ice cream". Happy Birthday to a truly special person who admires candy!
birthday- We all knew this day was coming, it's not bad luck, its nature. It's best to just suck it up and accept the truth. It's no longer acceptable for you to eat a happy meal in public. Happy Birthday!
birthday- Mum, it's that time of year again! You do make it hard for us, don't you?! You never chose a favorite cake for us to get, or special thing for us to do. You can never give us a list of things you want or favorite meal for us to prepare! You are the hardest woman on earth to please! For these reasons we were forced to make it up, so don't blame us if the day is not up to scratch! Happy Birthday to the world's biggest fence-sitting mum!
birthday- Not quite an adult, but no longer a child. This is one of the toughest ages of your life. You have most of life's firsts to look forward to, and a whole mess of early mistakes to leave behind. Let me give you one single piece of advice, that I wish someone had told me when I was your age: Stay away from bad boys.
birthday- You made it! You are now officially old! Maybe no one else has the guts to let you know, but don't worry. In my opinion you'll make a sexy grey fox for sure!
birthday- Another year, another birthday to organize, another headache. You better get used to headaches; they become more and more common when pushing middle age!
birthday- You may be just a one year old baby! So you can't read this message yet! But since we have Twitter, Facebook and the Cloud, doing this kind of thing now makes sense!
birthday- Last year it was a nice dinner at a fantastic hotel, the year before we went to Vegas, and now this year you're just staying in? I guess the rumors are true, old age does ruin people. Happy Birthday! Have a good one!
birthday- I never celebrate my birthday with a huge party, and you always ask me why. While tomorrow you will be surrounded by mess and a pile of huge hospitality bills, I will be enjoying a nice quiet lie in. That's why.
birthday- If you are hung over, struggle to think clearly and suffer a terrible headache in the morning, don't worry. It only means you've had one of the best nights of your life!
birthday- If you were a boy I would be telling you to have a great time, not to be shy, to be brave, talk to everyone and not to get into too much trouble! But since you're a girl I'm obliged to remind you that talking to strangers is a bad idea. Stay away from all naughty looking boys and don't get into any trouble at all! Enjoy!
birthday- You should see your age as something to boast about, not worry over. The next time someone makes an age joke at you, remind them that you've been around longer than they've been able to walk, and if they make it to half your age, they should consider themselves lucky!
birthday- To the world's greatest dad, you make me laugh, you keep me fed, you brush my hair and buy me clothes. So I guess it's only fair that I return the favor and spoil you this one day of the year! Don't expect big things though, please remember I'm only small. Happy Birthday.
birthday- You probably haven't been told this before, but when you were first born the doctors thought there was something wrong with you! With those eyes, strange ears and funny nose, it's genuinely quite amazing they ever let you leave the hospital.
birthday- To my dearest, most favorite and most precious little sister. Our family was so very blessed the day you were born. It was such a joy to grow up with you and share so many great moments together. Remember these kind words when you're cutting and dishing out the cake portions later!
birthday- The best thing about your birthday is that you've now reached the age to say: "Those kids don't know anything. When I was young..." and then go on blathering all day, annoying everyone around you.
birthday- I just wanted you to know that they say 50 is the new 30, skinny jeans are out and the saggy, relaxed look is in! Also, neatly pressed polo shirts are out and well worn and wrinkled is in! Happy Birthday you trendsetter you!!
birthday- Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. You smell like my husband and you sorta look like him too.
birthday- You remind me of a jar of pickles. You're pretty well preserved for your age. Happy Birthday, my dear old friend!
birthday- Happy Birthday—-& just to let you know the tablecloth is flame resistant, I have the fire department on stand-by and there is a fire extinguisher under the table.
birthday- I have sources that have informed me that it's your birthday and that you are a die-hard Obama fan. Enjoy this premium roast coffee that is imported and served at the White House! Kenya Arabica Bean Anniversary of Barack Obama's Kenyan Birth blend.
birthday- You have more preservatives in you than a jar of mayonnaise! There isn't an expiration date on your bottom, is there? Happy Birthday, my fantastically well preserved friend!
birthday- My momma always said "Life was like a box of chocolates. You gotta keep sticking your finger in them until you find the one that you want to get." Happy Birthday.
birthday- "You want answers?! You can't handle the truth!" ...but I will tell you anyways. It's your god*amn birthday!
birthday- I hope your birthday leaves you less hot & bothered than when you read 50 Shades of Grey. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Don't think of them as wrinkles. Think of them as creases that just need some starch and a bit of ironing. Cheers to another year & another crease.
birthday- Birthdays are like spotting Bigfoot. You really do want to see them but you're a little afraid of what they'll look like.....
birthday- Congratulations! You are another year closer to being able to get that senior discount at Target and wear the underwear that you can pee in!!
birthday- Brother, I figured today would be as good a day as any to tell you that you were adopted!! Just kidding. Happy Birthday—or is it??
birthday- Lucille Ball said it best when she said, "The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age." May you stay forever 28—LIAR!
birthday- I don't want to grow up, I'm a Toys "R" Us kid. If you are now singing the end of this magical verse, you are most certainly an 80s kid. Happy Birthday to my NKOTB loving, neon scrunchy wearing, slap bracelet collecting friend.
birthday- If you're having vanilla cake I would like some ice cream... but on the side. If it's chocolate cake, no ice cream. If you're having vanilla and chocolate marble cake, I would like the ice cream served on top of the cake. If there's no cake, than just a scoop of chocolate ice cream. Happy Birthday to a friend that always goes above and beyond!!
birthday- I hope you enjoy your birthday as much as Kim Kardashian enjoys taking selfies!
birthday- I would like to wish you a politically correct birthday so I won't encourage overindulgence of alcohol, getting less than the recommended 9 hours of sleep, or listening to excessively loud rock music.....but happy birthday, even if all the fun has been sucked out of it!
birthday- Chuck Norris wanted to apologize for not being able to make it to your birthday party. He was busy geocaching in Antarctica. Happy Birthday.
birthday- Cougar was so last year. This year you are a cheetah, fierce & fabulous!! Happy Birthday!!!
birthday- If  'only the good die young',.....I'm afraid you're going to be celebrating a few more birthdays.
birthday- One must not simply wish someone a happy birthday, one must shout it from the rooftops, start a conga line in the middle of town, resurrect Julia Child to bake a triple layer ice cream cake!
birthday- Do you want to eat some ice cream? Come on, how about some chocolate cake? I never see you anymore. Come out the door. Come on let's go and make a wish! Don't tell me to 'let it go' because your birthday comes only once a year. We used to be best buddies but now we're not. Do I really smell that bad? I want to wish you happy birthday, to your face. Not from behind a door.
birthday- I'm glad I don't need Facebook to tell me it's your birthday. Happy Birthday!
birthday- To show how not old we are I am going to wish you happy birthday in under 140 characters. #happybirthday #youngandhot #stillgettingcarded
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who is aging better than Britney Spears AND Lindsay Lohan!!
birthday- Happy 16th Birthday, Sweetie! After digging out your old baby photo albums, I found the cutest picture of you wearing nothing but socks and a smile! I wished you happy birthday on your Facebook and Instagram. I couldn't figure out how to upload the darn photo on Twitter. I hope you have a great day! I love you!
birthday- May the odds be ever in your favor... and if they're not I hope there is a Katniss to take your place because it isn't going to be me!
birthday- Brace yourself. An explosion of Facebook notifications is coming. Happy Birthday from the Lannisters... we never forget.
birthday- "We got no food! We got no jobs! Our pets heads are falling off!!" I hope you are having a better day than Harry & Lloyd. Happy Birthday, friend!
birthday- You're depressed about being another year older? Look on the bright side, you don't live in North Korea where that evil dictator Kim Jong-un could kill you for it.
birthday- You know you're old when your social calendar has bi-weekly 'meet friends for coffee @ blood pressure clinic' on it. Happy birthday, you old fart.
birthday- I promise when you get old and forgetful I won't let you forget to wash your hands after you pee or feed the cat food to your cat and not yourself. Happy Birthday, Mother!
birthday- Happy Birthday from someone who puts up with your belching, farting, scratching, and remote control hogging!
birthday- I hope you don't mind that I bought you a cake to give to your mom, congratulating your mom for going thru labor and giving birth to you. I mean, she was the one who did all the work. You just kinda popped out! Happy Birthday!
birthday- I didn't even have to be reminded by Facebook that it was your big day today! Impressed?! Happy Birthday to you!
birthday- For your special day I've arranged a tour of the local assisted living facility! If we get your room reserved now, you get a 20% discount! I hope you enjoy your amazing day! Happy Birthday, you old fart!
birthday- You might not be Christian Grey but I still love you more and more with each passing year! Happy Birthday to you, my better version of Mr. Grey.
birthday- It's your birthday! I'm bringing the fire extinguisher! Let's get this party started! Happy Birthday! May all your dreams come true this new year!
birthday- Congratulations! You're now one more year closer to being known as the 'dirty old man'!! Happy Birthday to you on this incredible day.
birthday- I'm sorry I couldn't get Kate Upton climb inside the gift box. I still hope you like what I got you! Happy Birthday to a dirty old man!
birthday- 101 Funny Birthday Messages for Your Boyfriend
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone I love more than Nutella! I hope your special day is perfect and you get everything you ever wanted and more!
birthday- Happy Birthday to you, my dearest! I hope your birthday is less exciting than King Joffrey's wedding!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who is comparable to fine wine and aged cheese. You get better with age, my dearest!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who doesn't quite look as old as a dried up prune yet. May all your dreams and wishes come true today and every day.
birthday- Happy Birthday to you. In your honor I will refrain from doing the Whip and Nae Nae dance! Of course if you really want me to I can bust a move.
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who doesn't know how to load a dishwasher or fill the gas tank on her car!
birthday- Roses are red. Violets are blue. Sugar is definitely not as sweet as you! Happy Birthday to you! May your day be filled with nothing but roses!
birthday- Happy Birthday!! You are one-in-a-million and I'd rather spend the day celebrating your birthday than anything else—except for watching football, baseball, or hockey.
birthday- You definitely don't look a day older than the age you tell people you are! Happy Birthday to someone full of sugar and spice and everything nice.
birthday- Happy Birthday to the greatest female homosapien to ever walk the planet! Evolution stopped when it created you!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone who can make yoga pants and hair bands look hot!
birthday- Birthday Messages to Impress your Girlfriend
birthday- Happy Birthday to an incredible girl! I hope your birthday is perfect and you get everything you've ever dreamed of—except for Channing Tatum. I'll have none of that!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone as devious and sneaky as me! You're a girl's perfect partner-in-crime! May we have many more crazy adventures together!
birthday- Always remember that every time birthday candles are blown out a bottle of wine is born! Happiest of birthdays to someone as amazing, incredible, and wonderful as you!
birthday- I just wanted to tell you that I won the lottery and I plan on giving half of my winnings to you in honor of your special day! So, I will be enclosing $1.50. Happy Birthday! Don't go spending it all in one place now!
birthday- Happy Birthday to someone that I would want as my getaway driver if I ever decide to rob a bank. Just saying. I hope your day is ridiculously off-the-hook!!
birthday- From one amazing person to another—Happy Birthday!! You are so incredibly lucky to have such an awesome friend like me!
birthday- Happy Birthday, you sweet young thang! I hope your birthday is unbelievably amazing!
birthday- Funny Birthday Wishes for your family and friends
birthday- Happy Birthday! May your day be full of happiness, laughter, love, and of course the most important thing—wine!!
birthday- Happiest of birthdays to the happiest and chattiest person I've ever met! May your birthday be your dream gab fest full of lots of juicy gossip and rumors!
birthday- One does not simply wish a happy birthday without the requisite dolling out of a birthday spanking!
birthday- May you overindulge on sugar and sweets and laugh until your stomach aches! Happy Birthday to you!
birthday- I had a very difficult time finding a gluten free, GMO free, soy free, vegan birthday cake so I guess we'll celebrate with some delicious frozen water, also commonly referred to as ice! Happy Birthday to you! Cheers to another amazing year!
birthday- A Funny Birthday Wishes Collection to Inspire the Perfect Birthday Greeting
birthday- On your big day I thought we'd go to the zoo but the signs say no pets allowed on the premises so we'll have to come up with something else since you wouldn't be allowed in. Happy Birthday you big stinker!
birthday- Best Wishes on your birthday! I bet you're totally over-the-moon excited that you are now another year older and another year closer to collecting that 5% senior citizen grocery shopping discount! Happy Birthday, you old fart!
birthday- Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side...to wish someone special a very happy birthday! Happy Birthday from one chick to another!