luck- Every day is a gift. It can be really amazing, but it can be disappointing also. But I want to wish good luck in everything that happens in your life. May your life bring you only pleasant and helpful gifts!
luck- May good and inspiring thought come to you every time you need them the most and may all bad and depressing ones go away and never turn up anymore! Think positively and good luck!
luck- A good mood is the key to success. That's why you should stay cheerful no matter what happens in your life. Keep going and good luck!
luck- Good luck for all your efforts, May you get what you truly deserve, My good wishes are always with you, Go for it!
luck- Good luck beats early rising.
luck- Enjoy the new job and grow. Good luck.
luck- The sweetest things in life are love and happiness. Wishing you good luck now that you have found that.
luck- Luck is yours and wishes are mine,<br> Let your bright future always shine.<br> Good luck!
luck- My prayers and best wishes are always with you. May you have a very good luck. You can make your future bright and shining when you will believe in yourself and never think of quitting. Good luck with everything you do!
luck- Good luck has its storms.
luck- Like you have never done wrong with anyone, I wish God give you all good luck, and u step the ladders of success.
luck- Luck is believing you're lucky.
luck- You are driven by passion, passion drives success, do well. Best of luck!
luck- The road is tough. But the driver is tougher. Good luck!
luck- Your faith will lead you to your success. Good luck!
luck- Luck is what happens to you when fate gets tired of waiting. Good luck!
luck- The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act.
luck- All the best for a bright future! May there be success at every turn of life and all your dreams come true!
luck- Luck is the residue of design.
luck- You can't be successful if you don't try; failures always take you a step closer to success.
luck- Success comes only to those who believe in themselves and are prepared to win. Good luck!
luck- Wish you good luck to chase your dream, this is your first step towards your goal and I wish things gets in your favour.
luck- Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
luck- Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
luck- And now... You're hired! You did amazing and paint the town red! Good luck with your new job!
luck- Your game will start sooner. Bring home the bacon! Soar high! Good luck!
luck- May your good luck be always Good!
luck- Best of luck! The day You decide to do it is your lucky day.
luck- When an important day comes remember that everything depends on you and may good luck be with you!
luck- Good luck to you and remember to keep your head up high for all the days of your beautiful and wonderful life.
luck- Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
luck- God does not make the hills you have got to climb any smaller but god can make the climbing easier. Therefore I believe you will manage these tasks with the help of god.
luck- Luck is not found but made by those who are determined and you are one such person. Best of luck!
luck- They say you need happiness, love, oxygen to live, But I think you also need luck, which is something I want to wish you today!
luck- Be prepared for any kind of tasks every time. Always believe in yourself. If you follow these two things then you will surely get success in every field of life. I hope that you win each task and you have a very happy life. Have a best of luck in all your life.
luck- I know you don't believe in good luck. So, I am wishing you all the very best in life to achieve all success.
luck- May good and inspiring thought come to you every time you need them the most and may all bad and depressing ones go away and never turn up anymore! Think positively and good luck!
luck- We dropped by to say we will miss you lots! All the best to you...
luck- May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light... May Good luck pursue you each morning and night.
luck- I hope good things will happen to you. Good luck!
luck- Fortune sides with him who dares.
luck- Diligence is the mother of good luck.
luck- May your magical charisma get you loads and loads of success. I wish you Good luck.
luck- Luck is not chance. It's Toil. Fortune's expensive smile is earned.
luck- The only person, who shall shape your future is you. Good Luck.
luck- When the world turns against you simply change your direction and walk away. Best of luck.
luck- Please remember that whatever you do, we will support you, and all we want is to wish you the best of luck in your future!
luck- Luck is very important to survive in life. I wish you the best of luck in all your life. May you have a great life ahead.
luck- The only thing that is able to attract luck is a genuine smile. Wake up, smile at the world and wait a little bit... I'm sure luck will delight you with amazing surprises if you keep smiling. Good luck!
luck- If it's for you, it will be. If not, there's always a reserved plan A, B, C... Good luck!
luck- I want to wish you a really good day that will bring you a lot of great pieces of news and unforgettable events. I hope that fortune will treat you kind during your whole life. Good luck!
luck- Good luck in all your endeavors.
luck- The universe works in crazy ways. Your good luck will come in waves, and so does your bad, so you have to take the good with the bad and press forward.
luck- Here's to wishing you the best of luck in all life has to offer you.
luck- Luck is yours, wishes are mine, let's your future be always shine. Best of luck.
luck- If you keep working as hard in the future, nothing can stop you.
luck- All you need in life is luck, you have to rely on it, and rely on faith, these two things will help you progress in life! Good luck!
luck- Never stop believing in yourself. Never think of quitting in life. You can do everything and you can get through every problem if you don't quit and if you have belief in yourself. I will always be there for you to help you out whenever you need me and I will stand beside you every time. Wishing you the best of luck for the future.
luck- As long as you have my good luck wish with you, you will never be fail in life and no negativity will prevail around you.
luck- May good and inspiring thoughts come to you every time you need them the most. And, may all bad thoughts go away and never turn up anymore! Think positively and good luck!
luck- What a wonderful day to reach all your goals and make the most desired dreams come true! I wish that you'll take this opportunity and succeed in everything you do. Good luck!
luck- Never mind the people who discourage you. They are there to test how determined you are to get your dreams done. Just be thankful because they remind you to go on.
luck- The road may seem rough, but there's always light at the end of the tunnel.
luck- Life may seem tough, But for a Smooth Sailing, My Good Luck Wishes are enough!
luck- My good luck message is there for you to give you all positive vibes what you need to achieve in life.
luck- Wishing you all the good luck in the world!
luck- Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.
luck- Here's to hoping good luck continues to follow you for all the rest of your days my friend.
luck- Wishing you good luck for your exams. Be patient and have faith in yourself. Everything will work out for the best.
luck- May the grace of God be with you, protecting you always from any harm! Best wishes and good luck!
luck- We were all born with luck, but not all of us have discovered it, I wanted to wish you good luck on finding you luck!
luck- Yes, no perfect life is there. But it can be made perfect by having lots of perfect moments and celebrating them. Best of luck dear!
luck- We dropped by to say we will miss you lots, son! All the best to you...
luck- May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light... May Good luck pursue you each morning and night. Missing you so!
luck- Just be yourself and the rest will follow, my dear daughter. Good luck! I miss you!
luck- You have never said no to any task coming your way. This is just another task, do it the best way. Good luck! I miss you.
luck- Every day is a gift. May your life bring you only pleasant and good things and you treasure every moment. Good luck. I miss you so much! Just remember I am always there for you.
luck- The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck.
luck- I hope your new job brings you as much happiness as the amount of effort and hard work you put into it. Good luck in making your job enjoyable and productive at the same time. Hugs and kisses, I miss you.
luck- May each day bring you new hopes and the enthusiasm to explore new aspects of life! Wish you all the best!
luck- Luck is such an amazing thing, but not many people have it so today I want to wish you lots of it! I know we are far from each other, but let me wish you good luck and say that I miss you.
luck- Actions are much more important than dreams in order to achieve something really great. You must have a proper plan for how to achieve it. And the most important thing is that you must believe yourself that you can do it. I wish you good luck with all the things you have to achieve.
luck- You are the best, I have this faith in you. Good luck and do your best to achieve what you desire.
luck- In life, you should always celebrate happy endings and new beginnings. Cheers to a gracious end at your old job and a promising beginning at your new one. Congratulations and good luck!
luck- I heard you have an upcoming exam. Do your best and I hope you pass it. Best luck on it!
luck- Study well and be prepared your exam. Give your best shot at it. I am pretty confident that you can make it. My best wishes are with you. Good luck too!
luck- You have worked incredibly hard. Good luck! We are proud of you.
luck- The way in which you approach a challenge is exemplary. May you make it happen. Good Luck!
luck- Luck never gives; it only lends.
luck- I know you can climb the highest mountains. Never lose faith in yourself. Good luck!
luck- Luck is very changeable and moody, but I wish that it always be on your side and bring you many amazing surprises. Good luck!
luck- You may be hurt sometimes, you may fail and lose sometimes. You may not get what you want, but never stop thinking good and struggling. By struggles, you will get everything you want. This is the real success. I wish you good luck with your tasks.
luck- Challenges come in life to test our abilities to fight back.So, good luck and give a hard punch to all the hurdles.
luck- The world is yours!
luck- No one is luckier than him who believes in his luck.
luck- Life is an open book full of blank pages. You write the story as you go. I wish you all the best in life.
luck- Exams are like ex-boyfriends and ex-girlfriends. Their thoughts harass you until late at night, turn your life upside down and cut you off from the rest of the world. All you can do is get over them as quickly as you can. Good luck.
luck- I find my heart singing a chorus at your happy news. Good luck to you during this joyous time.
luck- Things can be bad at times, as life is not always the same, there can be roadblocks and blame, but, eventually you will reach the goal, just play your part and role, Good luck to you!
luck- Remember to never stop giving your best in any situation you find yourself in. If you do this, you shall achieve your goals and be a winner. Good luck for the future.
luck- May you get all your desires and may you get success on every single step. I wish you the best of luck.
luck- May God give you the courage to face all challenges with a smile!
luck- Nothing can stop you from doing your best, nothing can pull you down - as long as you start studying hard and stop fooling around. Good luck.
luck- Life is a lottery that we've already won. But most people have not cashed in their tickets.
luck- Whether you have profits, whether you have losses - when you come home you will always have my hugs and kisses. Good luck for the business, says your Mrs.
luck- It is a famous quote that says "try and try again one day you will get the success". Follow this quote and achieve the success.
luck- All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
luck- The only weapon from regrets and concerns is optimism. Be optimistic, resilient and cheerful, because all these positive feelings are like magnet for luck and happiness. Wish you good luck and success in everything you do!
luck- You've walked through valleys high and mountains low to get to that spot where you are standing now, and I'm so proud of you. With this new phase in your career, I wish you the best of luck.
luck- As long as you have hard work in your stride, good Luck will always be by your side.
luck- May all your problems be easily solved, may all your undertakings throughout the day be successful and may your soul fill with peace and harmony! Good luck!
luck- The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
luck- Happiness doesn't stay in your life for long. So when you have it, enjoy it to the fullest. Wishing you all the best!
luck- A new day has come and it's going to bring you many unexpected events and surprises, so may luck be on your side and make all these events really happy, pleasant and positive. Good luck!
luck- They say that successful people are those who dream big, but I believe that they not only believe but their actions are more important in their success. They do hard work to get their desires and to change their dreams into a reality. I wish you strength and a good luck in life.
luck- Have confidence in yourself, and do not get scared of challenges. Everything will turn in your favour. Good luck!
luck- You are the best, and you need competitions like this to showcase your extraordinary God-given talent to the world. I wish you success and good luck!
luck- I wish you well in all things you do in your life. Best of luck.
luck- Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
luck- Nowadays, you have to be lucky enough to have some good lucks because they are just so rare! However, I wish you all the very best!
luck- My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed.
luck- Luck is everything... My good luck in life was to be a really frightened person. I'm fortunate to be a coward, to have a low threshold of fear, because a hero couldn't make a good suspense film.
luck- No matter what your laundry list of requirements in choosing a mate, there has to be an element of good luck and good fortune and good timing.
luck- Men of action are favored by the Goddess of luck.
luck- Nobody gets justice. People only get good luck or bad luck.
luck- Luck affects everything; let your hook always be cast; in the stream where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
luck- In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
luck- I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
luck- When luck is on your side it is not the time to be modest or timid. It is the time to go for the biggest success you can possibly achieve.
luck- Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit.
luck- What we call luck is the inner man externalized. We make things happen to us.
luck- Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.